Thanks for taking a chance on so many years ago! Looking forward to using the new Iridium constellation.
Finishing off the plan while listening to the soundtrack from Gatsby. Seems appropriate...
Design completed for bringing rocket back to launchpad using only thrusters. Yay. Wings r just dead weight in space.
Yeah
Thanks. Starship, which aspires to be fully ; immediately reusable in super heavy class, is a truly . Even though Im immersed in Starship/Raptor design ; build days/week, it still doesnt feel real.
Nope. Thanks!
True
Margaritaville is one of my fav songs
We will have special colors for new Roadster, as we did for the original
Please read immigration order. Lmk specific amendments. Will seek advisory council consensus ; present to President.
Of course
Yes
Holiday gift ideas
Also thinking of having an annual student Hyperloop pod racer competition, like Formula SAE
Solar
Sounds good, we will connect with your team to understand potential needs
Unfortunately, there are thousands of automotive design rule differences between US ; EU, including completely different charge ports. Gets worse every year. Not our choice.
It has been a very long road
Thats why Cybertruck has active suspension height ; damping control
% to %
Aiming for extreme precision with next gen Model Y microns, not millimeters
Deepest sympathies to the families of the pilots and the Virgin Galactic team
Fair point
Strongly disagree. I love humanity.
Good point
I want this T-shirt!
That would be a fringe benefit
Thanks Jason! Super proud to work with such great teams at SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Boring!!
Much will likely go wrong on st mission. Also, more launches of sats needed for minor coverage, for moderate.
Coming soon
years ago
Thanks all Tesla club members for helping out! Looking forward to seeing you there tomorrow.
Tintin A ; B will attempt to beam hello world in about hours when they pass near LA
More like to mT to GTO ~27 deg. Plane change is *v*sin /2, as I recall, but doesnt matter, as theres no geo anywhere near that mass.
Wow
Its true I do think a lot about rocket engine chamber pressure ahaha
Slowpoke! Didnt even finish his hypothesis
Lot of good work happening on Tesla sound codec ; audio software in general. Aiming for maximum music dopamine in your brain!
Including hypothesizing that this statement is wrong haha
Congrats!
Yes, but we will have to postpone annual shareholder meeting, as still no large gatherings allowed by July th. Not sure of new date, but am guessing maybe a month or so later.
Critical to humanitys future
Way too long
He should consider spending some money on actual lunar lander hardware, instead of shady lobbyists
Something like this could work
now Pac
I love the suggestions!
Thanks for waiting!
Imo, this professor is correct. Also, growth rate of confirmed C19 cases is dropping every day, despite X increase in testing. From Tues to today, was %, %, %. Track this chart:
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
engines, but with room to add more down the road. Kinda have to.
From thence to Mars, And hence the Stars.
Great speech, couldnt agree more!
When the car is FSD without supervision, ie robotaxi, youll be able to earn far more than monthly lease/loan cost by allowing others to use it. Managing a small fleet of robotaxis will be a career for many ; much better than driving a single car.
Theyre available through the app, but we need to make them easier to find
Actually, Hyperloop draws a near vacuum in tube ; each pod is powered w electric motors. It is opposite of pneumatically powered.
Powerwall doesnt need solar panels, but will work fine with both Tesla ; non-Tesla solar panels
All parameters in a simulation are necessarily quantized
Letter from basically every scientific org in the United States to Congress about climate change
Herbert Diess is doing more than any big carmaker to go electric. The good of the world should come first. For what its worth, he has my support.
Were still far from simply video in, control out. The biggest game-changer, currently underway at Tesla, is degree, high fps video for labeling, training ; inference.
Well said
Yes
This require hardware
As sure as night follows day
Just one stipulation on sale: I own Gene Wilders old house. It cannot be torn down or lose any its soul.
Isnt it obvious?
Thinking of doing a podcast Hardcore History style that tells what really happened at Tesla in those early years
Yes
Accurate video
AMA at &lt;ahem&gt; pm California time
We intend to increase, not reduce battery cell purchases from Panasonic, LG ; CATL (possibly other partners too). However, even with our cell suppliers going at maximum speed, we still foresee significant shortages in ; beyond unless we also take action ourselves.
Exactly
There are vast amounts of iron (and lithium) on Earth, but much less nickel. For global industry to scale battery production to ~10 TWh/year, it needs to be mostly iron. Higher energy density of Nickel only needed for very long range vehicles ; aircraft.
Yes
Aim for kN of thrust on a kg sled. a=F/m ... game over.
Its quite robust
Sew one button, doesn't make u a tailor; cook one meal, doesn't make u a chef; but f* one horse and u r a horsef*er for all of history...
Just watched it from your link
He studied the blade
Yeah, but dogz rl
Interesting hysicist proposes a new type of computing at SXSW. Check out orbital computing "
Scientists say its a crucial step towards catgirls
Ideal scenario imo is catching Starship in horizontal glide with no landing burn, although that is quite a challenge for the tower! Next best is catching with tower, with emergency pad landing mode on skirt (no legs).
Yes
Now it's just a song that you used to know
And also my sympathies to the great people of Russia, who do not want this
NASA Rules!!
Looking good. Smart summon is almost great. Drive-in theater mode, caraoke ; Cuphead are awesome.
Off Twitter for a while
Stop giving away free ETH!
Including Heavy, which is cores, around or so
Haha sexy cropping champion of all time
Also, I am not the kale eating overlord of Mars (altho kale has its moments)
It sometimes feels like reality is a moral filter. I suppose that is what religion tells us. Wonder what I should do differently.
Falcon -Reusable with (now retired) Grasshopper test rig in background
If accurate, this would explain a lot
SpaceX will try to bring rocket upper stage back from orbital velocity using a giant party balloon
A given tank pressure is needed to feed the engine turbopumps ; pressure-stabilize/relieve compression load on the cylinder walls
The probability of Tesla dying in /2009 was very high. We closed our financing round at pm on Dec th the last working hour of the last day before Tesla would otherwise bounce payroll.
They should go where their heart takes them, but some of the boys seem to be interested in physics ; engineering
Starhopper is an old timer who has seen a lot of things!
Munro rocks!
Ironically, yes at this time. FSD beta system at times can seem so good that vigilance isnt necessary, but it is. Also, any beta user who isnt super careful will get booted. beta users operating for almost a year with no accidents. Needs to stay that way.
Turns out is actually owned by Ukraine. For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Scouting locations for Cybertruck Gigafactory. Will be central USA.
Vote them out
Given how many countries are limiting or setting an end date for combustion engine cars, their future resale value cars will be low. Consumers are starting to realize this.
Max acceleration was X gravity, altitude m, lateral distance m and velocity m/s. Main chutes deployed m.
Take out the floor mats and its . MT said everything had to be standard production.
I double-dare them to come back! Bring it ...
Take the red pill
Not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. Model S ; X primary HEPA filter alone is literally % bigger than normal car air filter.
Needs to be level ; match booster fittings. We will find out on ~Tuesday.
SN4 is done. Hawthorne is working on SN5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of SN6 through SN10.
Congratulations!
Entertainment will be critical when cars drive themselves
Once is rolled out to the whole fleet and all looks good, we will roll out to owners on our public beta program
Great
Hyperloop pod race happening this weekend at SpaceX HQ (near LAX). We built a ~mile long vacuum tube on our campus big enough to fit people.
. please fix this misunderstanding
Wow!
Just depends on whether you like a sedan or SUV. Sedan goes faster, SUV has more room.
After the GoT finale, we dropped it to
Silliest thing we can imagine! Secret payload of st Dragon flight was a giant wheel of cheese. Inspired by a friend ; Monty Python.
Berlin Model Y is the one to watch. That is a revolution in automotive body engineering (finally).
Wasnt easy
already in Jordan. Rest of states in region next year.
Rrl Lf
k
Took more work to make F9 booster reuse cost-effective than went into recovering it in the first place. This is an important point. Things finally clicked into place with Block . My hat is off to everyone at SpaceX, NASA, Space Force, FAA ; suppliers who helped make it happen.
Tesla owners in the greater Giga Texas area will get priority, so yes
Cool, will get one plus another chicken
N2 for vacuum. Aero surfaces ; high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
Still kinda hard to believe it is working
Sounds like this might be a good time to unveil the new Dragon Mk spaceship that has been working on w . No trampoline needed
Just in the US
Should be next week
Super fair criticism. Were putting max resources on this. Hard to hire enough repair technicians in Norway! Please apply if interested.
Absolutely
Because its stupid
Exactly
Well, now that Satoshi Nakamoto has been discovered, I guess it is case closed ...
Raptor V2.0 is a major improvement in simplication, while also increasing thrust from ~185 tons to ~230 tons. Long-term goal is engine cost below $1000/ton of thrust.
Congratulations on a successful mission!
Fair point. Coming soon. Were making foundational upgrades to the core Tesla corporate OS. FA right after that.
This non-Autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
With similar track wheels/tires/brakes, Model S P100D is faster
Yes
Over people are needed for Giga Texas just through ! - mins from airport mins from downtown - Right on Colorado river
Hyperloop Alpha at and
Legs, but this render isnt accurate
That matches my understanding
Will do another static fire of rocket to make sure all is good ; AF needs to test ICBMs, so probable launch Sept /30.
It will be real
If you buy a ticket to hell, it isn't fair to blame hell ...
A lot of Canadian Superchargers are in work and will start going live in the next month or so
Yeah, but I got gp ; Roc Feather of Never-ending Tickles
And all the forms of life on Earth
They are now the same (LOX below CH4). Ox is times heavier than fuel, so makes sense to have it lower.
Releasing private beta in to weeks, public beta (early access owners who opt in) to weeks after that, then all US Tesla owners mid December. Above schedule is contingent upon not encountering major unexpected setbacks.
V3 Supercharger deployment will accelerate considerably this year
Of course!
One of the improvements to FSD vision involves training with actual photon counts, so removing the filters used to make pictures pretty to the human eye
Yeah, very important to provide C/BiPAP devices to *prevent* cases from becoming severe. Once severe (intratracheal intubation), survival rates are low.
Shanghai is beautiful
N2 for vacuum. Aero surfaces ; high gimbal angle main engines for atmosphere.
Almost there. Undergoing final validation. Might go out in next few days.
What a hypocrite
Reddits twitter account is lame, because its not real Reddit
Might be something there haha
Pretty much
I bought the replacement glass from a junkyard for $20. Theyre great places to get spare parts.
B or !2B
Yeah
Astronauts fly to on Sat night from Cape. First operational flight of Crew Dragon.
We have quiet a queue of products to build! Better do new Roadster at some point.
Cool
Some contribute more. Y chromosome ; mitochondria are constant, except for mutations.
The overarching goal of Tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Congrats Tesla team!
This is going to be great
Current Summon is sometimes useful, but mostly just a fun trick. Once we move summon (plus highway driving) to a single FSD stack, it will be sublime.
Exactly!
Thanks on behalf of the team! Thank you also for the support has provided over the years, without which this would not have happened.
Yes
Still my favorite tweet of all time
They should on high velocity missions to Geostationary Transfer Orbit
I love trolls
Not bad
Battery uses no rare Earth metals. Main ingredient is nickel, which is what's used to coat cutlery, so very non-toxic.
Tentative date for Tesla Shareholder Meeting ; Battery Day is Sept . Will include tour of cell production system.
Vengeance
Wut?
Raptor is making great progress! Just finished an engineering review with SpaceX Propulsion. Engine SN is about to ship to McGregor with some holiday style
Sure is. I live here. Air quality is especially bad near highways.
I appreciate the kind words!
Could be slightly faster
High time we had a Tesla coil!
Excession
, , -. . - Elon
Henry Cavill +1
Haha true
What is love?
Exactly. The point of such a site would be to help restore the credibility of the media. They dont realize how little credibility they actually have with the public.
Mars is to Earth, as Terminus was to Trantor
Stop trying to charm me. It wont work. Ok, maybe a little Are you a real person or a bot?
Yes
Destroyed in Dragon fire
Tesla factory workplace safety is % better than industry average for manufacturers ; improving fast
Dog saves her puppies
A prior track record of exceptional achievement in engineering *is* required, but *no* prior experience working on the brain or human physiology is required. We will teach you whats known about the brain, which is not much tbh.
Meant to reply to this article:
Thats our goal
In , comet Shoemaker-Levy smashed a hole in Jupiter the size of Earth
Still on for end of year. Just software limited. Any Tesla car with HW2 (all cars built since Oct last year) will be able to do this.
Its like he could see the future!
Indeed. Both Cook ; I have been clear publicly that we have never spoken or otherwise communicated. I tried to speak to him ; he declined. Nor have I ever expressed any interest in running Apple to anyone. Cook is, all things considered, obviously doing an incredible job.
Very close to actual expected flight!
Odd
After a while, hydrogen became sentient
A single computer, pump ; pressure accumulator would be fine for many patients, but ideally individual valves per patient to personalize care ; avoid cross-flow risk
Believe in the future
Thanks, good idea!
Great name. A little on the nose.
mins from liftoff
Over time, ; are possible, but very difficult
There are many faux
We will make it happen!
Old school shell game
Most people still have no idea that sustainable energy generation is growing so fast
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche . Order Cybertruck online at
How bizarre. Sorry to hear that.
Found this pic of me as a child
Yeah, that probably makes sense.
Ground winds would
Yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. Also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
More like V10.0
Archangel-12
why?
Def not dainty
Tight control code is always C
Updating software to reduce peak power consumption, so Starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter. Mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.
Merlin could probably do flights too. Turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. Probably some seals ; bearings as well. Coking not really an issue.
Exactly
Worth reading Superintelligence by Bostrom. We need to be super careful with AI. Potentially more dangerous than nukes.
Sad to hear that David Bowie died. He was amazing.
Computers are absurdly more accurate than humans. How long would it take for a human to render even one frame of a modern video game at low res? The computer will do high res at frames per second. Not a contest.
Battery "breakthroughs" need to state power *and* energy density (not the same thing), plus how long they last. They usually fail on energy.
Peak acceleration is over gs, which is % faster than falling
Yeah, my fault for being an idiot. We did give them a free launch to make up for it and I think they had some insurance.
Gwynne rocks! Starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
Age of Napoleon, so far. The first books are a little dry. Gets much better when Ariel is co-author.
Will do it later this year. Too much on plate right now. Will be available as an upgrade from service.
So true
They smashed the window to steal the radio, which was worth maybe $20. Got a replacement from junkyard. Btw, great deals available from junkyards! Its pretty fun fixing/upgrading cars.
Its great that theyve changed their tune these days, but the truth is that GM tried damn hard to kill the electric car! If not for competitive pressure from Tesla, they would be doing nothing.
Pretty much Great episode!
Crazy times!
~Q4
Yes, but arguably that's worse
Tesla body shops are ramping up fast. Aiming to go from + days using external body repair shops to same day body repair with prestocked parts at Tesla service centers.
Really? Ok, I will work harder on thinking first and tweeting second. Sorry for anything thoughtless.
Now test firing our most advanced engine, the Merlin D-Vac, at tons of thrust.
Thats a great one
Catchy!
About secs
Thrusters are integrated with spacecraft, enabling abort capability all the way to abort for increased safety
Whiskey, fire, smores and JC Also, hotdog or not hotdog?
Now back to work. Intense months ahead as we ramp production of rockets and cars.
Warm, sunny day ; snowy mountains
It's been a little crazy lately
Dont be too quick to lick. That could go wrong. Look closely ; smell first. Ur welcome.
Dont waste your money on that silly Apple Cloth, buy our whistle instead!
Good summary
mins to liftoff
Srsly
Great name! Wouldnt worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually ; we currently have no defense.
Hes just kidding, folks, but best to turn car off just in case. Also was years ago.
Just posted a photo
It is
High resolution, color corrected, slow motion rocket landing video
For some reason, Russia didnt bother to correct me
Starship to the moon
Real androids are coming
Boring Company starts digging Vegas tunnel in months. Aiming to finish by end of year.
Next few days
Sure
Physics formulas are the rendering rules
Grid fins are stowed on ascent and then deploy on reentry for "x-wing" style control. Each fin moves independently for pitch/yaw/roll.
Tesla Model X first SUV to receive a perfect crash test rating via
No, just preparing for untethered hover tests
Just Read the Instructions
Great work by Tesla China team ; supporting contractors!
Floki has arrived
My father has no money. Only reason he even has a house is because my brother ; I bought it for him on condition that he not cause harm to others. That obviously failed.
Sounds like this canton has style!
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
Nice
Literally
Whats actually amazing about this accident is that a Model S hit a fire truck at mph and the driver only broke an ankle. An impact at that speed usually results in severe injury or death.
Today. Its kinda there in US with welfare but rules are messed up and amount is too low.
Destiny
Should we?
Absolutely
US clean energy incentive drops by % on Jan , so orders must be received by roughly Nov to be installed in time
Watched the whole series. One of the best tv shows ever.
Model Performance
Thanks for the deep belly laugh
Good point. would be a production Tesla. Stripped down, maybe as low as .
Testing a possible Starship windward side ceramic tile. Maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. Nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
Me!
Tesla makes the safest cars in the world ; our factory injury rate is better than industry avg ; tracking to be better than any auto plant in North America. We care deeply about safety at a fundamental level.
One days grace, taking into account time zone confusion. Will revert tomorrow.
Great song
Tesla Model X video
Hopefully working in Caribbean by end of . Def by .
Exactly. Better to tax known bad thing and incent desired outcome, instead of subsidizing particular solution paths. Let market decide.
More Reveal bs. Tesla is overseen by Cal/OSHA, most stringent labor safety org in US, ; theyve never found us to misrepresent. On other hand, Ford, Chrysler ; GM (UAW) have repeatedly been found to fake safety numbers. Strangely, that info is missing from Reveal article
Thanks!
yes, will cover whole country
New emoji! Last one comes with free phone hack.
Yes
Dont mislead the public. State said YES, an unelected county official is the problem. Tesla factory in adjacent San Joaquin county is fully operational.
Definitely
Note is much appreciated
So it goes
Haha. Will post summary.
Thank you Governor Newsom!
We changed the design quite a bit. More about this in late July.
Apologies to Tesla customers for shifting delivery dates. Its a crazy world out there!
Mine is a few days ahead
Don't worry, we've got a cool solution for ski storage on the X with the Falcon wing doors
Ford ; Tesla are the only American car companies to avoid bankruptcy. I just got home from the factory. You think this is an option. It is not.
Sometimes its about Doge
Actually, a great many parts are produced by our suppliers, but Tesla is more vertically integrated than other carmakers
Merlins. The max chamber pressure run damaged Raptor SN (as expected). A lot of the parts are fine for reuse, but next tests will be with SN , which is almost done.
Absolutely. We will release FSD subscription early next year.
This is a matter of much internal debate
BN1 is a manufacturing pathfinder, so will be scrapped. We learned a lot, but have already changed design to BN2. Goal is to get BN2 with engines on orbital pad before end of April. It might even be orbit-capable if we are lucky.
of course it will
What a hypocrite!
Yeah, i that I bought in for $1400. I hotrodded it by jamming in a speed transmission from a later model I found in a Philly junkyard when the speed transmission failed.
That was a total non sequitur btw
Russia has excellent rocket engineering ; best engine currently flying. Reusable version of their new Angara rocket would be great.
Didnt you sorta win?
Thats pretty much what happened. The cows werent sure what to do (not having encountered a rocket before), so first ran one direction, then the other.
Youre right. There was a ton of footage with many people at Tesla that would be great to share. Longer pieces like we did with tell a more interesting story.
The least cool characters...it's embarrassing
Looking forward to Kerbal !
Agreed, but its hard to ignore what is effectively a social media denial of service attack
That's not just paranoia (a healthy trait at times). Tesla really is under massive attack by short sellers
They will be fine
Makes no sense. In order to grow the colony, youd have to transport vast amounts of mass from planets/moons/asteroids. Would be like trying to build the USA in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean!
Yeah, most people dont know this, but comets r mostly made of cocaine
Cat is out of the bag
Wrong to exclude non-occupant deaths. Autopilot would have prevented this cyclist from being killed
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
Yup. Sledgehammer impact on door cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didnt bounce off. Should have done steel ball on window, *then* sledgehammer the door. Next time
Pretty much. The main value of college used to be hanging out, having pseudo intellectual conversations ; partying with people your own age. Now, even thats gone.
Ok
Giga Texas?
We are tiny, simple creatures
Which means ~1/10th of you is billion years old
Iron, the last element made in a star, appears likely to exceed nickel by :1 or more
Merlin could probably do flights too. Turbine blade fatigue cracking would require periodic weld repair or replacement. Probably some seals ; bearings as well. Coking not really an issue.
Yes
We should send probes to outer solar system ; get high res, true color images of these strange things. Maybe theres an alien artifact out there
Will be throughout Canada
Haha awesome! See you soon.
Jerome is driving Tesla Semi ; doing a great job with his team. At Daimler, he led their most successful semi truck program ever.
This is vital
Rewatched Young Frankenstein this weekend. Still awesome. Ovaltine?
Exactly. Thats the critical point for Starship/BFR: more payload than the biggest rocket ever made, but for less money per launch than the smallest (orbital) rocket. Without something that lowers orbital flight cost by X, humanity will never be a multiplanet species.
Fair point
Starship landing nominal!
Regulatory approvals received, so Autopilot rolling out to all countries! (Excluding Japan, which is still under review)
Thanks
Should arguably be called
Tegmark is an exceptionally smart ; good human
It shall be called "The Boring Company"
Its true tho
Exactly
You should ask why I would want money. The reason is not what you think. Very little time for recreation. Dont have vacation homes or yachts or anything like that.
Heavy comes in more like a javelin. Similar to Falcon , but caught by the tower vs landing on legs.
I have V1, but will switch to V3
Nice
Ok
Can be wrapped in any color!
So hard to keep future product releases secret
First Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit.
Even more boring
So crazy that people were arrested for trying to keep their cars from being destroyed
Seems odd that the UN still hasnt released world death rates
good up to ~160km/h
You have been warned
Fate loves irony
What are you talking about? Youre being incredibly rude ; nonsensical.
Understanding exactly how the body flaps control pitch, yaw ; roll during descent, such that the ship is positioned well to relight, flip ; land, would be a big win
Raptor is evolving rapidly. Probably wouldnt consider it to be even V1.0 until roughly engine , although probably engines + can be retrofitted for orbital flight, especially on Super Heavy, which is less sensitive to engine variation. It just needs crazy up force!
Yeah, they seemed optimistic too
This doesn't even *seem* innocent
Do want irony on social media?
seems so quaint ; long ago
Glad youre ok
Am happy to hear that GM plans to develop an affordable mile range electric car. Right target. Hope others do same.
He will perhaps have a baby soon
Not bad! We will definitely need more engines if we make the cargo bay all propellant, but its probably smarter than a whole new shorter external hull.
All P100D vehicles produced to date, as well as new. This is purely a software optimization.
Late night tweets sigh
Need to get back to SpaceX launch control. Sorry this solution isnt perfect.
One of our main conference rooms at SpaceX is named after Goddard
Sentry Mode fundamentally empowers the individual car owner over entrenched interests, in this case a corrupt traffic judge. Even Tesla doesnt have access to the video unless sent to us by owner.
that's not the real steering system
Have a small velcro slit entrance ; exit in circumferential direction (half stress of longitudinal direction)
Reading the source material is better than reading other people's opinions about the source material
Sharknado is real
f
Simulation of how the SpaceX Interplanetary Spaceship and Rocket design would work. Will be
Just Read the Instructions
Thats total market, not all Tesla. We do see Tesla reaching M vehicles/year probably before , but that requires consistently excellent execution.
e^ + =
Set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
If you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal Superchargers along the way. Is it not doing this correctly?
Lmpe
No, but you could get pretty far with rings of separately orbiting objects, like our solar systems asteroid belt
In general, I believe government should rarely impose its will upon the people, and, when doing so, should aspire to maximize their cumulative happiness. That said, I would prefer to stay out of politics.
cgi irl
Well let the NN loose on Track Mode one day thatll be insane
High latitudes are operational probably this summer
For sure
Amazing
The extreme difficulty of scaling production of new technology is not well understood. Its % to % harder than making a few prototypes. The machine that makes the machine is vastly harder than the machine itself.
Cant you just play though phone Bluetooth?
Those prices will revert to normal on Monday too
Yeah, worked on the farm when I was
Its a little dicey tbh. Thrust dome is being redesigned. Current one has four separate layers of steel in some places!
Yeah, that sounds cool. Music makes things better. Calms the mind. Adding padded wall pockets for a hand radio ; phone/music player.
Aspiring to have no flame diverter in Boca, but this could turn out to be a mistake
Possible explanation for the dramatic decline in cold ; flu prevalence vs prior years. If someone comes in with cold/flu symptoms ; falsely tests positive for cov2, they will assume they have it, when in fact they simply have some other form of seasonal cold/flu.
He was truly exceptional
Good point, will add "cancel nav" to voice commands
Oh yeah, Klip Einstein, pseudojournalist ; douche-about-town
No they don't
All X ; S will soon work with no key if your phone pairs w Bluetooth, signal strength is high ; you enable feature
Logistics is underrated
Model S achieves best safety rating of any car ever tested by US govt
The London Sunday Times created a chart showing how Falcon compares to the Saturn V and Shuttle
This sounds great
Starship/Super Heavy is ~10X bigger in mass ; volume
Proud of my Mom
True
No worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. Nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives ; forks are made of.
But when considering savings of gas v electricity, true cost vs gas cars is more like $25k for a v sweet ride
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system
Yup
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Wed be nothing without our fans
It will get even simpler. Just two instructions for Starlink: plug in ; point at sky. Can be done in either order.
Truth
Um yes
Good sign that almost no Model owners want to sell their cars!
Needs laser eyes too
Meant to say that it should be fixed in the latest wide release. Wont need to wait for FSD.
Dr. Levitan advocates combining breathing support from a CPAP machine or regular oxygen with comfortable positioning. Yup.
Congratulations team!!
Hopefully, later this year
Max recovered booster velocity was Mach (BulgarianSat). Energy is velocity squared, so this is a bigger difference than it appears
The legs are nested tight against the body of the rocket in flight, so rotate about degrees to deploy
Yes
Great render. Note, there will need to be an arm that lifts booster to launch stand ; ship to booster.
Probably fine. Some Tesla taxis in Amsterdam have times that mileage.
A snowthrower would be really fun
Exactly. And many areas of countries showing good Internet actually have poor or no access, so those are important to address too.
The robots are coming anyway, as Boston Dynamics videos clearly show. I will not be able to ensure that robots made by other companies are safe, but I can try my best to do so at Tesla.
My primary home is literally a ~$50k house in Boca Chica / Starbase that I rent from SpaceX. Its kinda awesome though. Only house I own is the events house in the Bay Area. If I sold it, the house would see less use, unless bought by a big family, which might happen some day.
What happened here?
It sure does. Very reliable.
Worth watching "Who Killed the Electric Car?" By . Truth is indeed stranger than fiction
Where is Hitchcock when you need him?
Or did they say pegged to the dollar? Something like that
Wow, how did they take this video!?
Irony Man defeats villains using the power of irony
And they said Id never be a rock star
Try this:
We are rolling out slowly, as there are many subtle hardware differences in the owner fleet. If it continues to look good over the next few days, we may start rolling out to safety scores.
Was just at the DMV ; dude had the actual sloth from Zootopia on his desk
Youre right on both counts. Most houses in Flint have safe water, but theyve lost faith in govt test results. Some houses are still outliers. Will organize a weekend in Flint to add filters to those houses with issues ; hopefully fix perception of those that are actually good.
Yes. Those videos are from this morning.
Prototypes are easy, but achieving volume production of a new technology is insanely hard
True
You might see much higher download speeds on Starlink at times. Testing system upgrades.
We're going to spend the th doing a full review of rocket ; pad systems. Launch no earlier than th/6th. Only one chance to get it right
Twitter is Dark Souls of social media. Reddit is Bloodborne. Insta is Zelda.
Smart Summon coming soon!
Pure coincidence!
One day we will
Scorcher VI
Engines seem ok, pending inspection
Hopefully, later this year
degrees
We shall see
Yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
Very few. Scientific consensus at time of Columbus was world was round
Coming soon
Definitely not. Smartwatches ; phones are yesterdays technology, Neuralinks are the future.
Whoop whoop
Correct
Protagonists created over half a century ago dont count
This is good
Yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. Too complex ; unwieldy.
After Starship returns from orbit
In other words, the intended implication is that a driver must remain alert, just as a pilot must remain alert.
Probably /4 to /2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
The performance numbers in this database are not accurate. In process of being fixed. Even if they were, a fully expendable Falcon Heavy, which far exceeds the performance of a Delta IV Heavy, is $150M, compared to over $400M for Delta IV Heavy.
I hope I do
Tesla makes cars with sophisticated hvac systems. SpaceX makes spacecraft with life support systems. Ventilators are not difficult, but cannot be produced instantly. Which hospitals have these shortages you speak of right now?
I love carbs
Engineering is magic
Investigating
Beta coming soon!
Yes
Sustainable energy production with solar and batteries will grow much faster than auto on a percentage basis. That will be a big focus next year, with primary remaining Model ramp.
And I own a chibi Wolverine
Agreed
Media report was false
When radar and vision disagree, which one do you believe? Vision has much more precision, so better to double down on vision than do sensor fusion.
Exactly
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Sole meunire
Door hinge
Made with rain
Nice comment about the Model S by CvK on
Gavin is kinda badass in this vid
This is a way bigger deal than most people realize
Nothing majorly new that a consumer would notice. Lots of new tech in the design and production process though.
Yum! Even better than deep fried butter:
New New Hampshire license plate?
Ok
Exactly
According to NHTSA, there was an automotive fatality every M miles in (~40,000 deaths). Tesla was every M miles. Its not possible to be zero, but probability of fatality is much lower in a Tesla. We will be reporting updated safety numbers after each quarter.
Haha true
Does look like fun
Giga Berlin suppliers please accelerate!
I think Twitter is deleting fake, scam or maybe even inactive accounts. My follower count decreased by ~20k over the past few days.
The downward spiral
Yeah, several. Smart Summon most significant.
We tried out a new delivery system using an enclosed trailer straight from factory to owners home, so super convenient ; car arrives in pristine condition without wasting plastic wrap
As you wish
The mechanical attachment mechanism. We need to make sure they wont fall off due to vibration ; acoustics.
Yes
Yeah, that will be relatively easy, as so few users out in the ocean
Exactly
The way it should be!
!! Unnecessary characters. Will change.
Not criticizing, just as asking questions. Im sure theres a really great answer
Wort reading the whole thing
Opening event that night ; free rides for the public next day
Pre VFX cut would be $$$$
Was super fun tbh haha
No change
Universal income will be necessary over time if AI takes over most human jobs
By far
It takes years (time from conception to adult) to reverse demographic trends
Gary the still crushes us! Wouldnt be fair. But TBC might give him a run for his money next year.
Regarding Tesla patents
I dont think the law fully anticipated this situation. So probably yes for a while.
Even Gary likes it!
No
About , assuming people want cabins. Pressurized volume is similar to A380. Could take a lot more on shorter trips.
Tracking to a potential am liftoff
Literally zero incentive laws were put into place by my companies. Zero. Others put them in place. Happy to go to zero incentives for all.
Product &gt; Marketing
Yes, but probably a year or two away. Lot of fish to fry
Exactly, this is a serious problem. Ratio of retirees to workers is tracking towards unsustainability in many countries. An upside down demographic pyramid is unstable.
Not bad
Wh/kg *with* high cycle life, produced in volume (not just a lab) is not far. Probably to years.
Loss of Falcon vehicle today during propellant fill operation. Originated around upper stage oxygen tank. Cause still unknown. More soon.
I
Engine gimbals for pitch and yaw, gas thrusters for roll.
Exactly! Its also a far more exciting ; inspiring future if consciousness is out there among the stars, than forever confined to Earth until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that may be (hopefully, very far).
Great team
UK order page will go live around May or
Utter moron
Tracking shot of Falcon water landing
By far
Why are certain journalists (editors especially) so concerned about the public rating their credibility? All they do all day is rate others, ostensibly on behalf of the same public for which they have contempt.
Astronauts land in hours
Good piece on Giga Berlin construction
True
Probably will trap a Tesla with the production Autopilot build, but wont work with FSD. Using a ring of cones would stop FSD though.
And, of course, it will have more cowbells.
Yes
I was prepared to accept either outcome
Amazing work by Tesla team. Built entire new general assembly line in weeks w minimal resources. Love u guys so much! Pic of st Model dual motor performance coming off the line
Were now building flight design of Starship SN1, but each SN will have at least minor improvements, at least through SN20 or so of Starship V1.0.
Haha
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
Applies to a small number of Bay Area residents, but worth checking out
Jay is awesome
Neural net upgrades coming that improve persistence across time ; space (better object permanence)
Coal is dying due to nat gas fracking. It's basically dead.
This shampoo sounds amazing
Works best if you play games full screen ; use steering wheel scroller balls for control
Avg speed of NY Subway is actually mph. TBC loop can run at mph with pax autopods passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels to their destination. Thats /hour/lane ; you can build dozens of lanes. Will crush any subway in throughput ; convenience.
Good thing I never tweet anything controversial
Im an absolute unit too
The stars in Starships mirrored hull reflected
Every tank under pressure is a balloon tank its just question of degree. Starship tanks are not balloon tanks like Atlas in sense that they dont collapse when depressurized on the ground.
Thanks, great feedback. Will be a fun project for Tesla design. Love the idea of adding a special item every few months, so whenever you go into a Tesla store, there is something new ; delightful to see.
Thats the Tesla part
My hope is *all* current investors remain with Tesla even if were private. Would create special purpose fund enabling anyone to stay with Tesla. Already do this with Fidelitys SpaceX investment.
Backlog of seat foldflat config. seat can be made earlier. Actually my fav version.
Will start rendering traffic cones in the display soon
Attempting bring up of thruster pods and
RIP SN10, honorable discharge
Haha yes
Good NYT article from several years ago about the value of fiction
Team is working on international versions super hard btw. Unfortunately, regulators around the world have different rules ; processes, so just takes time.
Reality is the best illusion
New Tesla feature coming that enables your car to play snake jazz or Polynesian elevator music through its outside speakers wherever you go
We are going to move all info and settings to the "cloud" (aka server) so any Tesla you drive in the world automatically adjusts to you
Agreed, fair point
Promising early results from the Ludricrous Easter egg. Looks like to mph in sec (Motor Trend spec) might be achievable...
There are dozens of bogus or half-true anecdotes don't really matter ; maybe to that do. Guess I could post for those interested.
Active ride height ; active damping are game-changing for a truck or any car with a high max/min weight ratio
Didnt realize that was possible. No problem if theres a way get current design Cybertruck approved in Europe!
Exactly
Assuming user approves warning ; agrees to drive carefully, it will download latest QA-tested FSD Beta build as soon as car connects to wifi
Just keep going. Its in there somewhere.
All three static fires completed ; no RUDs!
Wow!
Umm...Autobahn?
From
GPS guided parafoil twisted, so fairing impacted water at high speed. Air wake from fairing messing w parafoil steering. Doing helo drop tests in next few weeks to solve.
Yes
Thanks to a great Autopilot/AI team working super hard! Doing neural nets without testing them against reality has led some groups to overestimate what theyre doing. Reality is the hardest sim.
Exactly. Gasoline cars will be like steam engines quaint, but not something youd actually use to get around. Btw, I like steam engines ; trains in general.
Good morning
Fate Irony
Put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. Anything hydrophobic from hardware store or Tesla service can do it.
Am concerned that advanced life may be inherently unstable. Arguably, any civ capable of extinguishing itself eventually will.
To Infinity and Beyond!
Great summary of the key points!
But now we understand production much better. It will be our primary competitive advantage long-term.
Excellent review by Marques!
Yeah, great team!
Congrats to Tesla team on Model winning best midsize car in Germany!
Yeah, good idea. We have that state internally, so can push data to phone app.
Tonnage to orbit is the more fundamental metric
Tesla ; Bitcoin
The Second Last Kingdom
Not specifically, but there have been several incidences of pedestrian and bicyclist lives saved by Autopilot
No guarantees, but I think it will. This is a big part of what I meant by Teslas long-term competitive advantage being manufacturing technology.
Worth reposting the Wait But Why piece on AI. We are at the beginning of exponential growth in digital intelligence.
Lab I just spoke to said cov2 PCR detection (N1 ; N3 genes) below cycles is reliable ; above cycles is not
Were being extra paranoid. Maximizing probability of successful launch is paramount.
This is called the domino effect
Another government stimulus package is not in the best interests of the people imo
Going well. Lot of work for an extra secs of Isp!
BFR will take you anywhere on Earth in less than mins
MIT Technology Review
Just needs some legs
Beta or maybe . Going to pure vision set us back initially. Vision plus (coarse) radar had us trapped in a local maximum, like a level cap. Pure vision requires fairly advanced real-world AI, but thats how our whole road system is designed to work: NNs with vision.
Seeing friends
Maybe end of next year
Definitely
bring it on
Actually, Model would beat the Taycan on Nrburgring over multiple laps, as it has more range
DayQuil + NyQuil
Ethereum
u r o k
JCSat is pushing the envelope as a very hot and fast mission, so will land on the droneship. Next land landing in a few months.
Verbal approval was at Federal level. Still a lot of work before formal, written approval, but this opens door for state ; city discussions.
In reality, % of scientists agree that we face serious human generated climate change
It will look crazy tall with booster ; fairing at m / ft
Lies can be beautiful
Current global payload to orbit capacity is about tons per year, of which Falcon is about half
Pretty wild, considering that Exxon was the most valuable company in the word when we went public years ago
Yes, but from a visiting American. Ah, the irony is just too much!!
Good talking to you too. It was an honor.
Pop up, park and walk!
US is ~11 deaths per billion miles. WW is deaths per billion. Autopilot already much better than either so far.
Because of course I hate flamingos...(maybe try eating fewer flamingo eggs in your salad)
Thanks Tesla Team for great work on deliveries! For new owners, we super appreciate accommodating us on delivery timing! Definitely one of our toughest quarters in global logistics.
Once had a Great Dane named Hamlet, because Hamlet was a great Dane
Sure
When you get the new Tesla software update, go Ho Ho Ho. Theres an Easter egg inside the Easter egg, but its not funny.
Looking forward to visiting. Ive heard its awesome.
Flamethrowers sold out
Thanks for offering to help. I will check with my team.
Great work by . Need the neural interface soon to enable human/AI symbiosis.
Is that a real billboard?
Tesla will make fabulous short shorts in radiant red satin with gold trim
Model Y, being an SUV, is about % bigger than Model , so will cost about % more ; have slightly less range for same battery
What are we doing wrong at SpaceX? You probably have some good ideas. The fundamental optimization for making life multiplanetary ; backing up the biosphere is cost per ton to the surface of Mars. What system achieves that best?
T-shirt is bulletproof ; makes u buff!
Nice branding
Probably true imo : Dinosaur-killing rock 'was a comet'
Nice!
ATF says any flamethrower with a flame shorter than ft is A-ok. Our design is max fun for least danger. Id be way more scared of a steak knife.
I I just died in your arms tonight
China, especially, is doing an amazing job moving towards sustainable energy generation ; transport
Launch at :25 delivering satellites for Iridium. Droneship repositioned due to extreme weather. Will be tight.
FSD Beta has now been expanded to ~2000 owners ; weve also revoked beta where drivers did not pay sufficient attention to the road. No accidents to date. Next significant release will be in April. Going with pure vision not even using radar. This is the way to real-world AI.
More or less crazy than reality itself?
Virtue signaling is super annoying ; there are lots of phoneys who are actually huge jerks, but jump on every social cause du jour. But Im really proud of the fact that of changes Tesla had to make to achieve /100 (before even knowing about the LGBTQ index) was zero.
I actually asked Ashlee Vance not to write the book several times. Inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
The China space industry is very impressive
Physics
Hoping to start WW rollout of on Wednesday if no last minute issues discovered.
Unfortunately, Asimov's books largely illustrate why the three laws don't work
The comments in this thread are solid gold
Baby Shark ; Shark Tank merge to form Baby Shark Tank
Green Hills software is a pile of trash. Linux ftw.
Yes
Raptor production is approaching one every hours
I hope anything lands
Good Starship SN8 static fire! Aiming for first km / ~50k ft altitude flight next week. Goals are to test engine ascent, body flaps, transition from main to header tanks ; landing flip.
Chinas progress in advanced infrastructure is more than times faster than the US
Tesla Software Engineering
It begins ...
Its automatic
Be cause its you
Improving service and honing manufacturing efficiency are the biggest short term challenges. Not sales constrained.
Between $100B and $10T
All news sources are partially propaganda, some more than others
So why is this madness acceptable for Boeing/Lockheed rockets?
Here you go
Applying a hydrophobic coating to the radar (located just below nose of car) should help. Easy to do yourself or Tesla service can do it. Were also working on vision-only driving.
U.K. delivery and installation next year
Yes, but we want to focus on textured black first, then move into Earth tones ; convolutions
What pun?
Opposite is true: you can have s of layers of tunnels, but only one layer on surface (to first approximation), therefore trains should be on surface, cars below
Dragon V1.1 doesn't have a launch escape system. Probably comparable reliability to Shuttle, but we need to do better.
: The House Science, Space and Technology Committee hearing on global warming.
Astronaughty
In a way, this is free QA haha
Sounds sweaty
Bernie is a taker, not a maker
Sorry, sir I think I have momentinertiaphobia
Big oil is pulling same trick about smoking the atmosphere ... diff is we only have atmosphere:
Agreed
SpaceX team is doing great work! One day, the true measure of success will be that Starship flights are commonplace.
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
All HW2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with Tesla FSD computer ; all production in past few months has FSD computer
A dream that wd prob be a nightmare in reality. Cup holder that auto adjusted for size ; stiffness of cup/bottle, maintained cold or hot temp ; dried off water condensation. Or I cd work on getting humanity to Mars. Tough choice.
yes
I hope they and any others trying to advance transport technology succeed
Not true. Limiting factor in any staged combustion rocket engine, liquid/gas or gas/gas, is pressure ; temperature in oxygen preburner
Shelter
A New Banner is needed Neither hard left nor right
Fixing this is a high priority
yes
It won't even need to ask you most of the time
Best place to watch is on the Cape causeway
Ok
So true
To air is human
Was beat up pretty badly as a kid ; left me w jagged septum. Harder to breathe as I got older, so time to fix.
Monkey plays Pong with his mind
There has already been and there will be progress on this matter
Walked around a neighborhood recently rebuilt with help from APJ and others
Next weeks release is special. Lot of fundamental improvements, both important bug fixes ; entire new areas of functionality.
Am happy to report that Tesla was narrowly cash flow positive last week. Continued improvement expected through year end.
Very creative
Good summary
Falcon will experience its highest ever reentry force and heat in today's launch. Good chance rocket booster doesn't make it back.
Do you even press?
Thats harder than it sounds. Will check with team.
Absolutely
Only way to get enough rear passenger headroom was to move the rear roof cross-car support beam. A bike will still fit no problem.
High res landing Falcon landing video
As you can see, I have a long history with using tents!
This will be our most difficult launch ever
Trickier than it may seem on Mars, as atmospheric density is % that of Earth ; gravity is %, but doable for localized warming
There are many other good causes, but this is my main reason for accumulating capital. The resources I consume personally are very low.
Meant to say AR for production vac engine. Dev will be up to . Beyond that, too much flow separation in Earth atmos.
Yup
Token of appreciation for those who lined up coming via mail. Thought maybe -30 people per store would line up, not . Gifts on order.
Critical feedback is always appreciated btw
This is going to help journalism, not harm it. Please be so kind as to hold your fire until you actually see it.
Our data center was named Skynet as a joke over years ago. Might have been tempting fate!
We need serious tonnage to Mars
Will show Johnny Cash hover slam rocket video for the first time in about mins. Test footage only hrs old.
yes
Reason we hustled so much to get Autopilot V1 out was that someone driving non-Autopilot Tesla fell asleep, crashed ; killed cyclist (Tesla driver was uninjured). Driver nonetheless sued us saying new car smell made him fall asleep (sigh). Judge didnt agree.
Cybertruck is inspired by games like Halo. Warthog irl!!
Meant to post this link for Merlin:
Good chance of flying this week!
Huge admiration ; respect for the Tesla China team. Their talent ; drive is amazing!
Definitely
Owner video of Autopilot steering to avoid collision with a truck
First test of the Falcon -R (reusable) ignition system. Not long now before the hold down fire
We just completed a financing round, but will let you know when there is another one
Initially Model , later Y
The circle is complete
Facebook sucks
Some big milestones coming up
Thanks for the tip. His attention to detail is excellent.
Spoke with North American Bitcoin miners. They committed to publish current ; planned renewable usage ; to ask miners WW to do so. Potentially promising.
Pretty much
Make life multiplanetary!
Thank you, much more accurate haha
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for /7 clean power ; no more blackouts!
The rumor that I'm building a spaceship to get back to my home planet Mars is totally untrue
Will try it
Ludicrous speed, kWh rear drive and kWh battery pack
Evolution hasn't advanced much
Ah yes fair point
You dont think its strange he hasnt sued me? He was offered free legal services. And you call yourself
Expect to reach preliminary conclusions regarding last flight by end of week. Will brief key customers ; FAA, then post on our website.
The Ass Blade of Vengeance!
Damn
Not sure. Will check with my team.
Who is hating on ISRU ; why? Doesnt make sense.
My favorite shot from the last rocket landing attempt on the droneship
This is actually a good thing btw. China is making amazing progress in space, rapidly iterating on rocket ; space station technology. Great respect.
No, thats some tool with senior editor privileges who keeps putting that there
Also, cars are called automobiles
Yes
A Flock of Bricks
Yes
My kids loved that one when they were little
Technically, his bro
They are not yet friends
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Full Metal Alchemy
Amazing show about mission!
That sounds like a fun adventure!
Big Ass Fans are great!
Am not trying to accumulate cool points. She was far from perfect, but her actions, on balance, were good.
Upper stage restart nominal, apogee raised to km. Will spend hours getting zapped in Van Allen belts ; then attempt final burn for Mars.
Just tryin to grow my follower count on pornhub
This is amazing
But putting the word Blue on a ball is questionable branding
Falcon rocket booster is aluminum-lithium ; carbon fiber, which have low max temperature allowables. Super Heavy booster is stainless steel. Since it only goes to around Mach or , moreover at high altitude, it needs no heat shield, not even paint.
How much is it?
Got a little melty tbh
Hopefully, we have achieved AI symbiosis by then
Will consider
guys standing on roof of skyscraper. st guy says updraft is so strong it blows you back on roof of you jump off. He jumps off ; is blown back on roof. nd guy tries ; goes splat. rd guy: that was a dirty trick Superman.
Yes, excessive automation at Tesla was a mistake. To be precise, my mistake. Humans are underrated.
Wow, you know nothing ; are worthy of contempt. The world is under massive attack due to climate change ; you couldnt care less.
Probably ships next summer
Hold up a mirror ; see if it fogs
Closeup of the titanium grid fins. Not painted, as they glow red hot during a fast reentry.
Well take care of it
Which games did they like most?
Nice
Working on it. Also needs to be able fart at other cars on command.
Awesome
Sure looks that way
Anyone whos interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing designing ; building the machine that makes the machine please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. Were gonna take this to a whole new level!
Of course, but its the kind of hustle that you like even with full knowledge. People can obv read the Internet ; anyone who wants a refund will get one. I predict basically zero. The honest-to-goodness fun value is amazing ; were never going to make them again.
Its called the Space Station, but its actually moving around Earth at ~25 times the speed of sound or ~10 times faster than a rifle bullet
Smart Summon coming soon!
Cars today are far more complex than Model T, with a global supply chain that is vulnerable to force majeure risk. Like Model T, supply chain for battery EVs simply doesnt exist at massive scale, so must be built in parallel. Ideas are easy, production is hard.
Some helpful data from Italy
Mostly accurate. Liquid CH4 temp got too high this time. Offloading propellant. Will we retry later today.
Tanks the memery - panzer of the lake
Polytopia
Merry Christmas ; happy holidays!
You can basically learn anything on YouTube/Reddit
The Dogefather SNL May
To be frank, there is always some chance that Cybertruck will flop, because it is so unlike anything else. I dont care. I love it so much even if others dont. Other trucks look like copies of the same thing, but Cybertruck looks like it was made by aliens from the future.
Not obviously related to the (very tiny) helium leak, but also not out of the question
Looking into it now
They do
Youre most welcome. Credit to the Tesla team. Will do our best to help in any way.
Tesla service rescues a kitten stuck in the bumper
Most recent rocket took max damage, due to v high entry velocity. Will be our life leader for ground tests to confirm others are good.
Oh sorry, yes, Roadster will have thrusters, not Plaid. Plaid is indeed close to the theoretical maximum of a roadworthy car without special devices.
Starship + Super Heavy propellant mass is tons (78% O2 ; % CH4). I think we can get propellant cost down to ~$100/ton in volume, so ~$500k/flight. With high flight rate, probably below $1.5M fully burdened cost for tons to orbit or ~$10/kg.
Seems likely. = hipsters.
That might be the ultimate superpower
Trust ur butt haha
Doesnt make any sense. You cant take things that fail ; make them work without creativity ; invention.
Interesting
Mountain lions eat cats, which means we *actually* live in a cat eat cat world ... an apology is owed to dogkind!
Will take care of it
sland
Tesla AI might play a role in AGI, given that it trains against the outside world, especially with the advent of Optimus
Tough call. Maybe Newton by a small margin. Both obviously extremely smart for a human.
People do not yet understand how valuable an autonomous vehicle will be
Pretty much
So that they are willing to listen when I call to object about issues that negatively affect humanity
Hoping to include last three in this release, with pole position linked to actual car steering wheel (while stationary tbc haha)
liters of pure water costs $1
OPP?
Worrisome
Initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
Its smart *and* enhanced!
Nothings perfect haha
Between first development engine ; first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware ; software. Over time, thousands.
Yeah, SpaceX team is cranking hard!
Predicting macroeconomics is challenging, to say the least. My gut feel is maybe around spring or summer , but not later than .
CNN on how Falcon doors work in tight garages. Above ' ft, my height , doors work fine.
California Cabernet
We are tiny
By calling it "the Second", it has more credibility
Everything all at once
Should note that these product mix ; logistics errors also results in regional *undersupply*, eg UK ; Ireland right now, but we dont raise the prices even so. The intent, at any given moment in time, is: heads we lose, tails buyers win.
First one to fly will, so Booster . Booster will be used for ground tests. Were changing much of design from to . Booster was very hard to build. Expect especially rapid evolution in first ~10 boosters ; first ~30 ships.
Cinnamon toast crunch
An SUV that is faster than a Formula race car
I agree. Working on it ...
Something about a flying metal suit...
Were going to simplify Plaid a little. Was getting too complex.
At some point, and I should just a get a room
Very few. We have yet to do a China (or Europe) launch of Model .
Well ya see we need to reach around the rocket to uhh
Much harder problem than it may seem
Haha
Good point
About half my money is intended to help problems on Earth ; half to help establish a self-sustaining city on Mars to ensure continuation of life (of all species) in case Earth gets hit by a meteor like the dinosaurs or WW3 happens ; we destroy ourselves
Will be working at Tesla on Autopilot ; Model today, then aiming to pull an all-nighter and complete the master product plan
On Insta, % of followers like even lame posts. On Twitter, good posts get %.
Ok
Yes
Cool!
Yeah, were hunkering down here until the hurricane passes
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon ; Mars!
Stop sending me this tron - Audi
Where are additional Superchargers most needed?
A bigger win than it may seem
Button timing of May is aspirational. Depends on how well limited beta of V9.0 goes, but I would be surprised if wide beta (aka button) is later than June. FSD subscription next month is a sure thing.
In other news, George Clooney reports that his iPhone had a bug back in '07
Blame Minecraft
Im dropping a new album
also, the Tesla is poison free!
So proud of the Tesla team for achieving this major milestone! At the start of Tesla, I thought we had (optimistically) a % chance of surviving at all.
I become Tiesto at night
correct
Winds are too high today. Looks like wind speed will be low enough to stack early tomorrow morning.
Tunnels are sealed to atmospheres of water ; gas pressure. Just need walls around the apertures.
Yes, but its too secret
Logarithm graphs coming soon
One Space Station image for each visit
The number of extinct single planet civilizations probably exceeds live civs by at least a thousand to one. I'm being optimistic.
The book is
That was me tweeting from when someone else had snatched my name. I was actually one of the earliest Twitter users, but dropped my account because people were tweeting such trivialities at first. convinced me to get back in.
A t-shirt being better armor than a Kevlar chest plate doesnt make sense in the absence of magic. Also, wish there werent level-based item limits in a single-player game.
Is he ever not grumpy!?
He was the real deal
And then land on a bouncy house
But, a RUD right off launch pad is also possible. Fortunately, SN9 is almost ready.
Bikini Bottom
Stole it
I never used this guy. He gave a talk at SpaceX once.
Just finished Massie's book on Catherine. An amazingly expansive and compelling portrait of an incredible woman. Highly recommend.
SR-71, but yes
Haha
Tesla will start extending the Supercharger network to South America around end of next year
Exactly
Aloha, welcome back from space
Seriously
Mk1 ; Mk2 ships at Boca ; Cape will fly with at least engines, maybe all
Model achieves mile actual range vs EPA sticker in Consumer Reports testing
I had to focus on solving a painfully large number of engineering ; manufacturing problems at Tesla (especially) ; SpaceX
Great explanation!
Send me ur dankest memes!!
I would be happy to help
This game is my personal favorite, but I am biased towards space stuff
Campfire on the Gigafactory roof
Finnish Metal Rocks
More to come
No, good chance of RUD (rapid unscheduled disassembly) event, but landing pad is separated from launch pad
Great shot
The lost art of entomological haberdashery ; millinery
Will discuss on Wed earnings call. Lots to talk about!
Diess is doing his best to move in the right direction, but hes in a tough position with so many constituencies to please. No way to make everyone happy.
Thats about right
Yeah, the fear, uncertainty ; doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against Tesla has reached new heights
Coming soon
My real phone is an HTC Droid, which I ordered after seeing this ad
Frank Herbert ; Falcon Heavy
Tesla shareholder meeting today. Can't believe it's been years since we went public.
Yeah, we should tie Autopilot driving style preference ; various warning settings together in general
Starship fuel header tank
Exactly
. Care to comment?
Exactly
Technically, alcohol is a solution
Starships on Mars
HCL appears to be effective when used early
I placed the flowers Three broken ribs A pierced lung And still he fought For peace at
Fortnite irl
It is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at Tesla. Takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when ; how fast to move the wipers.
Combined Tesla+SpaceX market cap is now over $1.2T, which means $4.9B is less than % of combined company value
Exactly. Improved memory will cause predictions to converge ; reduce jitter.
Its ducked!
Game on
SpaceX is starting a program to take CO2 out of atmosphere ; turn it into rocket fuel. Please join if interested.
evolving
Without a fully ; rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
Diess is right. Hydrogen is a staggeringly dumb form of energy storage for cars. Barely worth considering it for a rocket upper stage, which is its most compelling use.
Simulating maneuvering through a narrow passage
Future feature
Triggered
Via : Sun-Powered Airplane Completes Historic Trip Around The World
Je ne regrette Etienne
More fun, less shun!
steel collet
Homelink is rd party hardware that increases cost of all cars, but only some people use it, so its only installed upon request. Long-term, garage openers are transitioning to WiFi-activated.
Good thing I never tweet anything controversial
Merlin is a strong local maximum design, but kerosene is suboptimal fuel, no matter what you do. What matters is cost per ton to Mars. CH4 is the only choice imo. Important: O2/CH4 allows OF ratio of ~3.5 vs ~2.5 for kerosene, so ~78% of propellant is oxygen.
Didnt you get free Supercharging for life? Current buyers dont get that.
Unlike its aircraft division, which is fine, the FAA space division has a fundamentally broken regulatory structure. Their rules are meant for a handful of expendable launches per year from a few government facilities. Under those rules, humanity will never get to Mars.
Overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. Matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges ; guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
Work needed between flights is less ; less, as shown by shortening time between reflights. Required work between flights for Starship ; Super Heavy is zero.
Increasing capacity at existing Supercharger locations now has top priority. Some are overflowing while a nearby one is empty.
M years is only ~6% increase in age of Earth
Yes
Sure would love to do home hvac thats quiet ; efficient, with humidity control ; HEPA filter
These guys want us to die so bad they can taste it
As the battery warms up, almost all of that is recovered. There is a roughly % range loss for cabin heating. Cabin heating impact on range is higher in slow traffic, but range is also higher in slow traffic.
I wish I could help. At this point, it seems that voting at the next election is the remedy.
Everyone who bought FSD will receive priority/early access
Big difference
Floki Frunkpuppy
Bon voyage
Will do Starship presentation a few weeks after Hopper hovers, so prob late July. If that timing works, free LJ chips for all present!
Really? Ok sure.
Asteroid impact risk is well understood, but not comets. Those worry me.
SpaceX Foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for Raptor, incl our superalloy, SX500
Coming this year
There is more, but the actions of a few bad apples will not stop Tesla from reaching its goals. With people, the worst in will have issues. Thats still ~40 people.
thanks!
Just go through resonant modes fast. Its when you hang out there that problems arise.
Why is there no Flat Mars Society!?
Takes longer to get regulatory approvals in Europe, plus way more diverse traffic signs, lights ; road rules
Grid fins worked extremely well from hypersonic velocity to subsonic, but ran out of hydraulic fluid right before landing.
Model Y heat pump is some of the best engineering Ive seen in a while. Team did next-level work.
tbh smh
Science is discovering the essential truths about what exists in the Universe, engineering is about creating things that never existed
We cant wait to build this crazy truck! Its a total rethink of vehicle mechanical architecture ; production methods, so super hard project, but worthwhile in the end.
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We you!!
Dr. Livingstone, I presume?
Both sites will make many Starships. This is a competition to see which location is most effective. Answer might be both.
Yes
No, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for Boring Co tunnels reinforcement imo
Metal has a fudge-like consistency near its melting point, so you can just smoosh it together
Wrath of the Khans
Should note that these product mix ; logistics errors also results in regional *undersupply*, eg UK ; Ireland right now, but we dont raise the prices even so. The intent, at any given moment in time, is: heads we lose, tails buyers win.
Plug in a USB drive to record video
I generally try my best not to be on patents
Rocket soft landed in the ocean within m of target ; nicely vertical! High probability of good droneship landing in non-stormy weather.
Yeah, the boring bricks are interlocking with a precise surface finish, so two people could build the outer walls of a small house in a day or so
Super exciting day coming up!
Sure
Actually, tons for SpaceX in Q3 ; aiming for tons in Q4. That said, China launch mass to orbit is extremely impressive.
Anyone tracking tonnage to orbit per year for all launch vehicles?
Wow, cool!
I dont want to set the world on fire by the Ink Spots
Trying to set a good example haha. Mars needs people!
Yeah, that's worth a read
For sure
AP process crash would show up in logs
Cant believe its been years since our first vertical landing!
If not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
Giga Berlin Mannschaft Vielen Dank fr Ihre hervorragende Arbeit an Giga Berlin!!
Physics facts
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to tomorrow
Definitely for Space Force. We need to make Starfleet real.
Good point, will discuss with team. Floki pic tomorrow.
Dragon can also hover ; land propulsively, but we use the parachutes for maximum safety
Unfortunately, its hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads ; SEO. Go to to add solar to an existing roof ; for a new roof with integrated solar.
Nice ink
Soon it will be real
At least they had great cigars
Btw, high accel only needed because tube is short. For passenger transport, this can be spread over + miles, so no spilt drinks.
Great conversation-starter!
Working on it
Navigation bay pointing to deep space and star map being generated by star tracker one. Yes!
Definitely going to need to rethink production planning...
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think
Interesting
Correct
A strong bias towards consumption tax makes sense
Our competitors do
Yup
Cool, Tesla S/X have hospital operating room air quality when BWD mode is activated, so shd protect against even a weaponized virus
We face a tough dichotomy of applying resources to the old architecture or applying them to the new. Its not a question of money. If there was a great engineer factory, we would place a large order! Unfortunately, great engineers are very rare. This is solved in the FSD build.
Aiming for cryo pressure test tonight
Who do you think *owns* the press? Hello.
You should def have a loaner. Will take care of it.
This is happening a lot
UK Model order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand ; Hong Kong
Sorry to hear that. Im sure youll figure it out though. Took us four launches to reach orbit. Rockets are hard.
Thanks!
Yes
Thrusters will also fire during reentry to adjust touchdown point. Next version will land w helicopter precision
Moving to engines on next booster
I don't want to be presumptuous
wtf
Yes. This is the hardest part of the booster design.
But RWD with electric is really good in snow (assuming all weather or winter tires), as traction control is far more precise
One of the all time best
yes
Very soon
I am already chewing on so much glass that I have chipmunk cheeks!
It will ultimately be used to make up for entire lost sections of the brain due to stroke/accident/congenital. Dont want to get too excited, but the potential is truly transformational for restoring brain ; motor functions. There is no other way to do it imo.
Tesla finishes last in being salesy! Good. Also, I can't believe there is a real Pied Piper.
With my team after a profoundly interesting discussion of history, philosophy ; luck with Vice President Wang in
The Starships feast in Valhalla!
Pack swap now operating in limited beta mode for SF to LA route. Can swap battery faster than visiting a gas station. Tesla blog out soon.
Same goes for all countries within which we officially operate by end of next year
Bronco rocks
Good idea
How come Hulk never loses pants!?
My new toaster
High probability of this particular rocket getting destroyed by Dragon supersonic abort test. Otherwise, at least or missions for Falcon . Starship will take over before the F9 fleet reaches end of life.
Honestly, I would let the border regions vote. Let the people there actually decide.
seriously
Sounds about right for autonomous cars. Optimus will greatly exceed this. The economy will be as big as people want it to be. There will be no scarcity, except that which is artificially created.
Beatrix Potter energy!
Fuel spin valve didnt open. Will fix ; try again tomorrow. Also, some odd TVC hydraulic pump behavior.
Static fire ; short flights with SN3, longer flights with SN4, but spooling up the whole Starship/Raptor production line is really what matters
Some of these design trades are still open, but will be resolved soon
Truth be told, Ive eaten at JitB many times over the years, even the teriyaki bowl
we r sml
Any feature requests?
Not to be taken literally, of course. He means any maker of dairy products.
One day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
Rex Tillerson supports a carbon tax. This is what is really needed to move the needle.
It also feels way bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside
Support ; advice from , , ; others much appreciated. Please email any recordings of the event to report.com.
Yes, I believe that is critical to ensure a good future for humanity
Starship will look like liquid silver
Or Tesla!
Yes
Not actually based on science. Objective data shows Autopilot is safer than manually driven cars.
Roughly to minutes for light to travel from Earth to Mars
Just dropping some friends off at the pool
Aiming to finish initial construction this summer, start Model production end of year ; reach high volume production next year
Will use this as my wallpaper
And thats just the primary fuel lines! The maze of secondary plumbing ; wiring is our greatest concern.
Yes
Of course
Would be great to combine blood donations with a C19 antibody test, so you know if youre immune. Refill blood banks ; give donors peace of mind.
Definitely
You def dont want electric pumps on a rocket engine! Raptor turbopumps alone need horsepower per engine. Thats not a typo.
But we are hopeful that there will be at least a temporary tariff relief for electric vehicles. That would be much appreciated.
Wont be today, hopefully tomorrow
BoredElonMusk is my secret troll account. Its time people knew.
Yeah, will be great for the American economy & jobs, as we've mostly dealt with the overbuilt housing crisis.
Falcon flight to geosynchronous transfer orbit completed on target this morning
Feels that way
That was years ago ; still not even on the moon. Progress must accelerate!
Ok
Also, youll be able to drive it from your phone remotely like a big RC car if in line of sight
I own two gasoline cars. One is a Model T that a friend gave me and the other is a Series '67 E-type Roadster. My first love.
Correct
Yes
Seriously, negative nominal interest rates!? What is the world coming to
To be totally frank, I did an image search on my phone ; posted without looking closely
yes, will go all the way to Alaska
Yeah, that matches what we've found so far. More likely unhinged than nefarious.
Yeah, probably July st
Promising conversations with regarding tunnel network that would carry cars, bikes ; pedestrians. Permits harder than technology.
The ship is just begging for three more vacuum engines to be added. Tanks will stretch for more propellant load.
Exactly
Pulling up to The Petersen
Wild times
Rocket booster reentry, landing burn ; leg deploy were good, but lost hull integrity right after splashdown (aka kaboom)
Global payload to orbit is the key metric
Ok
Definitely
Haha
And if you opened your eyes for seconds, you would realize I will pay more taxes than any American in history this year
Cool!
Fairing reuse is looking good
Tesla is open to licensing software and supplying powertrains ; batteries. Were just trying to accelerate sustainable energy, not crush competitors!
Dark Helmet emotes Plaid well
Tesla Cybertruck (pressurized edition) will be official truck of Mars
Weve always provided healthcare, hourly wages above union ; Tesla stock. Also, free drinks ; snacks. Try to make it fun too. Top ten hourly workers cumulatively received Tesla stock now worth $1M to $2M. Nobody wants UAW, so UAW keeps trashing Tesla ; me via rd parties.
A Tesla Roadster just passed the mile mark for the first time and still has over miles of range.
Wow, Station looks amazing!
F8 irony
Invasive ventilators are for worst case patients. Survival rate at that point is low, as Gov Cuomo has pointed out. Nonetheless, we start delivery of intratracheal Medtronic units in NYC tonight.
High voltage DC is for sure the best way to transmit electricity over long distances. Good explanation at
k limited edition boring hats sold, K to go. Then flamethrower.
Tesla audio engineers come from B ; many other companies. They literally rq. Our system is highly programmable, so we keep improving it via OTA codec updates.
Thats the one!
Exactly
Agreed
yes
Yes, this is a high priority
This is the essence of my philosophy
Air suspension dynamically adjusts ride height
By Spiderwee on Artstation
Recommended for sure. Both movies are incredible.
Starlink vertical on the pad
Soon
Will be converted to Raptor vertical test stand
Sorry! Coming next year, along with completing the Trans-Canada Highway and interconnecting US, Mexico and Central America.
I love music. It makes my heart sing.
Probably next month
cgi irl!
Exactly
We might use SN16 on a hypersonic flight test
(muffled titter)
Super proud of SpaceX propulsion/test/materials team! One of hardest technology problems. New high temp superalloy ; internal foundry needed to make it work. Foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
Our new crane!
Hydraulics are usually closed, but that adds mass vs short acting open systems. F9 fins only work for mins. We were ~10% off.
Einstein was great, but did not succeed at engineering (and he tried)
Yeah, makes sense
Detailed specs ; pricing will be provided, as well as test rides in Y
Yes. Good insight.
All orbital planes activate in August, plus many other improvements, enabling global coverage, except for polar regions, which will take another months
Starship SN8 with rear body flaps
Yes
Plaid Cybertruck is what I will drive
Yes
The shorter wheelbase only allows for a kWh pack in Model at current cell/module energy densities
Never seen anything like it. Tesla is just trying to make electric cars ; solar power for a better future for all. True, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
It is hard to overstate criticality of reusable rockets. No less important than reusable aircraft, cars or bicycles. Essential for humanity to become a multiplanet species ; backup the biosphere.
Falcon boost stage on droneship Just Read the Instructions
There will only be EVs in the future
ordered already, only left!
Unfortunately, yes
Wow, a lot of people dont know much about how manufacturing works! If you have peak capacity of X, actual average weekly output will necessarily be less than X. First -12 months, it will be much less than X. Impossible to predict exact production ramp S-curve.
What most serious scientists have a problem with is the notion of certainty about *any* subject. That is not the point.
Fairing halves recovered
Were going to use the pedestrian pink noise speaker to talk to people ; create customized horn sounds. I beg your pardon, but would you be so kind as to allow me to proceed? Said in the voice of Mr. Darcy.
That will be standard
True
Thank you for helping those in need
You have my full support!
sounds right
Effectively throttles via tight impulse width control ; hundreds of small firings
Haute couture
Wild times!
Karma is real
Please lmk contamination levels of any kind when you test the water
Just confirmed with that May th is go for launch of Falcon ; Dragon to the Space Station
Pretty much
Cybertruck is not like the others
Because blue
y
Fair point
Oh, I love trap. Good suggestions welcome!
Just order your car with the James Bond option package. Its an off-menu item for those in the know
Tesla Solar just relaunched. Lmk what you think
yes, this was done jointly with Tesla and Radio Flyer
True, that headline is not exactly going to win a Pulitzer for originality
If the rules force defeat, the rules must change
Munros analysis of Tesla engineering is accurate, both pro ; con. I think he will appreciate some elements of the Model Y body design.
Oh man, home hvac that is super energy efficient, quiet ; purifies the air would be great. We developed it for the car, but it can be scaled up for home use.
Tolkien rocks
But The Boring Company is right behind you at /15th your speed ; soon will be /10th! Start sweating
If heat death is the end of the universe, it really is all about the journey
So crazy to have come this far!
More about dealing with failure modes ; roll control
Glad to have Tencent as an investor and advisor to Tesla
Lord of the Rings
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery
Maybe a v long time from now. Paying div is a sign that a company cannot find good ways to spend money.
Always look on the bright side of life
Each Raptor engine above produces metric tons of force. Raptor just started production ; will do + tons or over half a million pounds of force.
Fair enough
Why uh yes we comprehensive statistics that go deep ; wide
Science
Im in Boca every week, so maybe we could talk then. Given that Starship is not exactly subtle, this is more of a design clarification to match what people can already see.
The cat videos are awesome
Most likely, all flaps will fold after landing to reduce wind tip over force. There may be some cases where flaps deployed help stability (change in wind direction), in which case one or more flaps will extend.
I saw it. Whoa, pretty dark! Nice Bladerunner reference.
Part
Thats how I feel when I see dabbing
Thanks for letting me know. Will be fixed soon.
Quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
Unfortunately, pedestrian speaker is needed, otherwise no external sound generator except actual horn
Thanks Sandy!
Good point
Corporate-speak is human Ambien
$250/kWh at the pack level for MWh+ systems. Tesla is moving to fixed and open pricing and terms for all products.
The hard part about Raptor is simplifying it
Dojo is still being built. Maybe a year or so from V1.0.
It was Tacheles
Tesla does -60 mph in seconds in the rain via
Also dig Mass Effect. It's all fun & games until the AI decides people suck. Maybe we can be their limbic system.
Yup
We talked about an hour ago. He seems fine.
I know you ; believe you, but it means Lopez misled readers in her article, because that is exactly what she said
Have you tried steam engines? They are amazing.
Mars Base Alpha
bar
Yes
Federal
Just agree to do Clubhouse with
Trade is just that Roadster becomes a seater instead of a +2. COPV in place of the kid seats, which is prob wise for many reasons
Pretty much
Tesla Full Self-Driving
Told my kids (age and ) that we were going to see the Nutcracker, which somehow got translated as the Buttcracker.
Under Vegas in tunnel yesterday with my boys
Wikception
Fate Irony
My conversations with Gates have been underwhelming tbh
Yeah, doesnt make sense
Actually, so-called secondary structure is the hard part so many pipes ; wires. Tall stuff ; small stuff are the toughest things about Starship.
This was a tough one
Im an alien
Supply chain logistics getting masks ; other PPE to the right places in time is the main issue were hearing from ER physicians
Prob May
Launching in ~4 mins
Time to face reality
Yes
Haha
Will upload some videos tomorrow
Model S Ludicrous Mode achieves sec -60 mph and sec /4 mile in Motor Trend test
Successful ascent, switchover to header tanks ; precise flap control to landing point!
Becoming multiplanetary is essential to extending dramatically the probable lifespan of civilization
Yeah, exactly
Yeah. Merlin, using a single pintle injector with cold, liquid propellant, needs a longer chamber than Raptor, which uses a large number of coaxial injectors, despite Merlin being less than half thrust. Propellant enters Raptor chamber as hot gas thats already mixed.
Good point haha
Fur-curious
No, it's not!
It is unknown whether we are the only civilization currently alive in the observable universe, but any chance that we are is added impetus for extending life beyond Earth
The ratio of machine to human compute skyrockets
Tesla articles mins apart: "This Stock is Screaming Buy" and "This Stock Could Get DESTROYED"
True
probably unwise
Yes
TOPS for Xavier. Pegasus is just Xavier with a power hog GPU on a separate board. Problem is you cant transfer data fast enough between computer ; GPU, so GPU usable TOPS is almost irrelevant.
Clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
So it goes
Deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. Other variants will have throttle.
Almost ready. Im testing it personally this weekend.
Supporting the drive to get a for the New Horizons mission
Congratulations!
Yeah, that should improve soon. Software team has been buried in Model bringup and tricky bug fixes, but thats mostly done now.
Strongest solar radiation storm in years is blasting Earth. This huge eruption hits us tomorrow:
Propellant was not deep cryo. CH4 ; O2 were just barely below liquid temp at bar. In theory, Raptor should do ~300 bar at deep cryo, provided everything holds together, which is far from certain. However, only bar is needed for nominal operation of Starship/Super Heavy.
I will provide a detailed explanation in March/April
Maneuverability is important for safety
Original Star Wars
Agreed, fair point
Absolutely. Moreover, we expect to expand the facility significantly over time.
Guaranteeing the world's best resale value in industry is unprecedented and backed up my other assets. Why isn't that good?
Make sure to read ur terms ; conditions before clicking accept!
First flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. Probably around .
Daylight rocket launch ; landing at the Cape this weekend. Will be the st SpaceX flight from the Apollo launch pad.
How about Future is driving you, followed by the word future several times in decreasing font size?
If all vehicles were densely seated buses, throughput in excess of people per hour per lane is possible, but better to offer a range of vehicles ; let people decide what makes them happy
One of the first Tesla Supercharger stations in Europe is being built in Cinderella, Norway
Dont want to brag but Im the best at humility
Sounds about right
If you bought enhanced autopilot, FSD upgrade costs $2k instead of $5k
Tunnels
Interesting idea
Walk this way
The IRS already has dedicated audit teams for high net worth individuals. The doubling of staff is for everyone else.
Construction of Starship orbital launch pad at the Cape has begun
Starship is kinda Gundam
Something weird happened at CDC yesterday. They changed the graph to include estimated illness onset date. This is a significantly less rigorous standard.
Haha
In NYC for the premiere of Baseball in the Time of . Great work by and !
Excession
Yes, excessively configurable seats almost always make things worse, rather than better. Too complex ; unwieldy.
Yeah, but Im not sure what the big deal is. I like building things. If that ends up being useful work too, even better.
Mass Effect was particularly great
And of course, this one, but thats obv
Model , our smaller and lower cost sedan will start production in about years. Fully operational Gigafactory needed.
Yes
Yes
There is something great about the Cessna /182 design
Good point
Ok sure
Sure, maybe in a month or so
To clarify further, the long-term goal for Tesla mass market products is local production for local markets (at least at the continent level). This is critical to make pricing as affordable as possible.
Landing video will be posted when we gain access to cameras on the droneship later today. Maybe hardest impact to date. Droneship still ok.
Orbit raising burn successful. Dragon back on track.
On the transporter
Very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. People will remember this day. Respect.
Thanks bro
I have great respect for anyone who gets a rocket to orbit! Its very hard. Im spending crazy hours on Starship design/production. It is truly an honor to work with such great engineers. SN4 is almost done
Yeah, it was great!
New rev for Autopilot HW2 rolling out Mon to first ; to rest of fleet in shadow mode. Also improves HW1 and enables Ludicrous+.
Thanks, this made a difference!
Probably to months. Those who order full self-driving get the upgrade at no cost. It isnt needed just for enhanced Autopilot.
Thats ridiculous, lions cant vote, they dont even have opposable thumbs. Also, theyd need %, so no.
Two Starship tanks in the midbay
I see where Frank Herbert got some of his ideas
The Tesla Full Self-Driving Computer now in production is at about % compute load for these tasks or % with full fail-over redundancy
Am I a yoke to you?
Meme of recursive irony
Im wearing your F-1 engine shirt right now!
siq burn, Gary, siq burn
Precisely
Raceway ; flap hinge aero covers
Towelie
It just occurred to me that the plot of Willy Wonka is really messed up
It was exactly what I was looking for
Pure vision, especially when using explicit photon count, is much better than radar+vision, as the latter has too much ambiguity when radar ; vision disagree, it is not clear which one to believe
Why have policies that promote a combustion vehicle fleet in a dense city environment? In bumper to bumper traffic, each cars exhaust pipes releases poison gases right into the air intake of car behind. This is not healthy.
Exactly
Best saying ever : there is a saying in Mexico: "El miedo no anda en burro" meaning "Fear doesn't ride on a donkey"
No sooner than a week. Working approvals with FAA.
Its gonna be awesome
Unfortunately, there are too many rules around liquor distribution, even in the US. However, we will be selling the lightning bottle ; shot glasses worldwide.
That's why we need to accelerate solar power
This sounds like it has potential to go wrong ; Im not referring to reusing code
Your numbers are incorrect. Tesla Fremont is rd in world after a place ; mall. Giga will be largest when complete.
It is an honor ; a privilege to work with so many great engineers
This product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
One of my favorite original Roadster colors!
For one thing, aliens obv built the pyramids! Who but aliens could have figured out how to align and stack stone blocks in a series of concentric squares!? Um, ok, I guess maybe people.
Ok
Best political platform ever
We do expect to make heavy use of LFP for medium range cars ; stationary storage
Entry hole, staging area and starting tunnel for Boring Machine (aka Godot) now complete
Should have a free trade agreement with US. No tariffs at all either way.
Nice!
Glad it worked out
Also, we need to figure out how to render voxel height of unknown objects in a way that isnt horrendous
Coming later today
Haha
Not as far as I know
Could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling ; quite robust
Let me just go fetch my magic wand ...
And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest
Kids these days have it easy
Dont defy DeFi
And I don't care who knows it. Our love will never die.
Excited about the Tesla Autopilot software release rolling out next month. New control algorithm feels as smooth as silk.
When going to ~1750 Kelvin, specific heat is more important than latent heat of vaporization, which is why cryogenic fuel is a slightly better choice than water
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives
He might run for President in
Yup. Next booster will have Raptor engines, with steering. Ship is being upgraded to engines (3 sea-level gimbaling, vacuum fixed) with increased propellant load.
Am a bit under the weather, but will do it!
About $15M/km for a two way high speed transit, so probably around $750M plus maybe $50M/station
I hope that didn't work
Nice
Starship test vehicle under assembly will look similar to this illustration when finished. Operational Starships would obv have windows, etc.
Production design will be better, especially in details. We are dying to do this, but primary focus must remain on making affordable version of Model ; bringing Y to market
is a helluva drug
Cool, lmk if you have suggestions for improvement after you drive it
True
Yeah, we will open Dojo for training as a web service once we work out the bugs
. pls fix awetoekreqt
Oh hey another sanctimonious media person who thinks hes above criticism. Try being truthful ; the public will believe you again.
Fundamental issue with SLS is that its not reusable, which means that a billion dollar rocket is blown up every launch! tragedy.
The competitor should be a drone fighter plane thats remote controlled by a human, but with its maneuvers augmented by autonomy. The F-35 would have no chance against it.
And there were actually zero employees in the factory after GM/Toyota left. They took all good equipment ; sold most of rest for scrap. It looked apocalyptic inside.
Is Space Jam good?
Population collapse is whats actually happening
Machete!!
Looking into it
Btw, SpaceX is no longer planning to upgrade Falcon second stage for reusability. Accelerating BFR instead. New design is very exciting! Delightfully counter-intuitive.
Am getting lots of questions about the big Supercharger announcement. Aiming to do that the week after next.
Exactly
Opening on /9
There will be no loss of either
Starship career day at the Stargate building (Boca Chica Blvd, TX) this Thursday from pm to pm!
We sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us ; then he said yes
Theres a lot to talk about just on the battery front, so, yeah, just that. I guess we could answer some powertrain questions in Q;A.
An email saying you have gold is not the same as having gold. You might as well have crypto. Money is just data that allows us to avoid the inconvenience of barter. That data, like all data, is subject to latency ; error. The system will evolve to that which minimizes both.
Deeply appreciate 's faith in . We will do whatever it takes to make NASA and the American people proud.
We are developing the interplanetary rocket and spaceship to allow anyone to travel to the moon, Mars ; beyond, regardless of nationality
Intuitively, it would seem so, but turbopump-fed Raptors have much higher thrust ; propellant mass fraction than pressure-fed gas thrusters ; theyre already there
Best to use a giant brake pad, aka heat shield
Although it was in the precambrian era
The next Dragon mission to the Space Station will carry our first live mammals: mousetronauts!
Will Dojo to be the difference
Sharing a metaphysical milkshake with
Just watched it from your link
Ensure future of Earth ; extend life sustainably to other planets
Model S on Nrburgring next week
The finest in apocalypse protection technology! Flamethrower optional.
There is only one config being built right now, so the only question is "What color?". Don't need a configurator for that.
Zip2
Aiming for sub ms latency initially, sub ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
This is about getting a prior announcement right. Not part yet.
First Medtronic units from Tesla getting installed in NY metro area. These are for worst case situations.
Now Tesla is worth a trilly willy!
Haha
Good piece
Pics of SpaceX spacesuit developed for NASA commercial crew program coming out next week. Undergoing ocean landing mobility/safety tests.
My point exactly
Several tons of force on each fin at high angles of attack ; peak heating is the cube of speed, so a Mach reentry is X Mach . Intense.
Thoughtful analysis. We will endeavor to provide the robots, chips ; software to academia.
Just that manganese is an alternative to iron ; phosphorus for scaling cathode production to several TWh/year
Tesla Q3 results: - Shanghai Giga ahead of schedule - Model Y ahead of schedule - Solar installs +48% from Q2 - GAAP profitable - Positive free cash flow
Towards end of next year. Btw, planning to launch Tesla in Turkey later this year. Love your country ; will be there in person for the launch.
Its a start. We expect these track times to be beaten by the actual production seat Model S Plaid variant that goes into production around Oct/Nov next year.
Exactly
Sure
ABS calibration algorithm
Just another day in
Actually, you can upgrade the battery pack for a huge improvement in range and some improvement in performance. There are other items you can upgrade too (seats, infotainment, etc), but I recommend keeping those parts original.
This was a huge problem for search engines until Google applied the citation relevance principle aka PageRank, among many other things
Future will indeed be rooftop solar + battery pack, w utility company just providing backup power
Could be worse
Yup
Possibly Excession, but Id recommend reading Player of Games ; Surface Detail first. Theyre all great.
True
Sock monkey of destruction!
Track software update probably a few weeks away (I know, I know haha). Also waypoints ; other things.
Hoping for sec Isp, but at least . Otherwise similar to sea level version.
Upcoming Falcon demo has a lot of new technology, so the probability of failure is significant
Cephalopods have a strange intelligence
Fast water with tiny rocks
Probably to months. Were about to ship Raptor SN .
Even more important for a a reusable rocket, as cost of propellant actually becomes relevant ; anything below T/W of is wasted fuel ; oxygen
Confirmed
Oh yeah, Starship update coming in about weeks. The design has coalesced. What is presented will actually be what flies to orbit as V1.0 with almost no changes.
We still need to make sure that the injured person is taken care of, but less ; less of the Merc story appears to be true
Many great suggestions in this thread!
East, to support high flight rates for F9 and dual ocean landings for FH side boosters
Good one
Yup
Ok
Were working on this issue right now
It's only a matter of time
Thanks Tesla owners. You rock!!
Empty article?
Ok
If things go well, Falcon will launch about once a week on average in , delivering ~2/3 of all Earth payload to orbit
Raptor on way to Hopper. Will be mounted to vehicle next week.
Party time!
No, since Tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
Your DLC is $$$$
Of course
Cold gas for now, hot later
What it feels like to ride a rocket
Just did crazy Japanese game show called . I have no idea what happened, but it was awesome
If we are wrong, we are wrong. In this case, we were.
That loophole does seem questionable
Dragon deorbit burn was good. All thrusters operating. On target for splashdown.
Agreed, should be preserved in memory of SN8
Last pic of Starman in Roadster on its journey to Mars orbit and then the Asteroid Belt
Hats sold out, flamethrowers soon!
Things we take for granted, like flying, would have had you burned at the stake for witchcraft not that long ago
Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH ; via councils, that we remain
So many brilliant scenes. Anarcho-syndicalism!
Haha
What a beautiful day in LA
Exactly
Karma
In class action lawsuits, the actual plaintiff is always the class action law firm. They just find someone willing to serve as a puppet to represent the class.
Pickup truck unveil in to months
If speed at stage separation &gt; ~6000 km/hr. With a ship, no need to zero out lateral velocity, so can stage at up to ~9000 km/h.
What my fathers work looked like when I was growing up
We will need to make a lot of improvements to have a chance of completing launches next year!
Will do. Even if not useful here, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Software
About to do next Starhopper flight test
Hi Julie!
Its close though
Good feedback. Will write up a list of software priorities in the coming weeks.
Yeah, but why? Im working on sustainable energy cars ; solar that help Earth and making life multiplanetary, to ensure its continuance, with SpaceX.
You can now buy a Tesla with Bitcoin
For sure
I obv cant comment on every rumor, but this isnt true. Am headed to Berlin mid Feb, not this week.
Low center of mass. Bit like our ship ; booster on reentry.
Probably J;J, but BioNtech ; Moderna are good too. Some debate imo as to whether a second synthetic mRNA shot is really needed, but the first is a no-brainer.
"Most of us live in a semi-somnambulistic state ; the days fly by. The exceptions are childhood and when we are in love." - RG
Yup
Printers are too small. Also, high pressure, high efficiency engines need copper cooling channels with an inco/steel jacket. Cant print yet.
Lowest cost per ton of carbon sequestered, net of value of any product made. Must be scalable to gigaton level. Aiming for maximum usefulness.
Good idea. We can just have the menu pop up as soon as you put the car into park.
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
Simulations all the way down
If heat death will be inevitable end of Universe, it actually *is* all about journey
Just reviewed mission params w SpaceX team. Monte Carlo runs show tmrw night has a % higher chance of a good landing. Punting hrs.
But we probably wont try for best lap time this week, as we need to review ; tune Model S thoroughly for safety on Nrburgring, especially Flugplatz section
First flight is to km or ~50,000 ft
Couldn't believe how incredibly inspiring and creative they were!!
Technically, James Watt measured a pony, added % ; rounded up haha
California
not bad, I like those suggestions
The SoCs sync with each other to times/sec, exchanging output of NNs that should be in harmony, like a symphony, so its fairly obvious when one is discordant
Mins actually had several hours of interview time, which they distilled to mins. Many stories could been told with that time. This was accurate as viewed from an Upper East Side Manhattan dinner party.
Even GM ; Chrysler went bankrupt in . Ford and Tesla are the only US car companies that have avoided bankruptcy.
Thanks to everyone at Tesla who worked so hard over the years to make our Fremont factory successful!
ISS is extremely gigantic ; has lights
US Senate hearing on advancing the exploration and settlement of space
Love the Reddit comments too
Twitter is spending engineering resources on this bs while crypto scammers are throwing a spambot block party in every thread!?
Yup
Better truck than an F-150, faster than a Porsche . Order Cybertruck online at
Thanks! Yeah, thats pretty close.
Thanks for your many years of support through very tough times!
Maybe this is all the work of the Stonecutters! Certainly connects a lot of themes ...
All these different standards for electricity are a tax on humanity
I do via my foundation, which is now years old, but my grants are (almost always) anonymous
Structures, engines, avionics, guidance ; control software, new alloys, space lasers (ooh, maybe I shouldnt have said that)
Starship is making good progress
Temporarily lower, long-term raise
Sorry
Exactly! In fact, better to have RWD with winter tires than AWD with summer tires. We appreciate the extra expenditure if people do buy AWD, but it isnt critical for snowy regions.
Am in Boca working on the rocket with an awesome team, so pretty great
Cant support wheel vehicles. Not safe enough.
Decided to sell my last remaining house. Just needs to go to a large family who will live there. Its a special place.
Hes def wrong. Solar power is a Gigawatt per square km! All you need is a by mile patch in a deserted corner of Arizona, Texas or Utah (or anywhere) to more than power the entire USA. This analysis goes through calcs
Obv just someone in a suit. Also, very sus that a is reporting on this.
Gonna have some sick attachments
Starting production on seater next month, initial deliveries early December
Yeah
Heard an interesting comment at the debate: "If we see no angels in others, we harbor none in ourselves."
Yes
Our Great^n Grandfather
Yes
Try a Tesla ; youre welcome to give it back if you decide you prefer a Subaru
Masters of Doom is a great book
Yeah
Gateway to Mars
Good point
Apparently, lots of confused media inquiries about blog title. Look, we just to make sure they don't set us up the bomb.
Coming in hot
GIGA BERLIN
It does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
Not yet
If you dont like a Tesla for any reason or no reason, you can just give it back for a full refund
Must be due to relativistic aging
Must remember not to refer to Chimpanzees as deadly killing machines when taking little kids to see a movie about them
LotR
Good question. Will consider thoughtful response.
Typing Mars after holding down the T symbol on the center console works on S and X. Also try renaming your car .
Mostly water or coffee at home. When I'm out, will have Macallan neat or vodka with something.
Thanks for adding!
And thats why cones were invented
Should be. Will fix.
Good question!
Payload will be my midnight cherry Tesla Roadster playing Space Oddity. Destination is Mars orbit. Will be in deep space for a billion years or so if it doesnt blow up on ascent.
Not all good news. Virginia DMV Commissioner just denied Tesla a dealer license, despite Hearing Officer being in favor.
He was amazing
Doesnt even need maintenance just works!
I really want to make this cupholder
is bs
Use of word "beta" is explicitly so that drivers don't get comfortable. It is not beta software in the standard sense.
In an electric future, batteries are as essential to transport as oil is today
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time
This is scary, somethings got to give
True national debt, including unfunded entitlements, is at least $60 trillion roughly three times the size of the entire US economy. Something has got to give.
Many
Starlink has been told by some governments (not Ukraine) to block Russian news sources. We will not do so unless at gunpoint. Sorry to be a free speech absolutist.
No, theyre SN1. SN2 to follow shortly. Aiming to be a little better each time.
Yes
Ideal situation in breakdown/accident (assuming no injuries) is that Tesla arrives at scene fast with top-of-the-line service loaner
Good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
Ok, we will turn off lifetime free Supercharging and give you $5k refund
Nicheman (power of appealing to niche audiences) strikes again hahaha
A new laughing emoji on DMs would be great
Best of luck tomorrow!
Sounds like he doesnt realize Tesla makes the vaccine machine for CureVac
I just set up some little Doge mining rigs with my kids. It was fun.
It would be pretty embarrassing to use a non-Tesla battery!
Thanks for mentioning! We shouldve done this ages ago.
Lane offset should be much better in V10.0
Rocket mass ratio is about the same for aluminum-lithium vs stainless full hard at cryo, but latter costs way less, is tougher ; doesnt even need paint!
A lot
When something sounds too good to be true, it usually is. Way the trick works is companies like Blackrock keep up to % of short interest revenue, but suffer almost none of equity decline, as theyre just passive managers. Blackrock made $597M in short lending last year!
Fair point
Technically, high voltage DC is the most efficient way to transmit electricity, but they lacked good power electronics back then
Turn on auto navigate feature ; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
No
Thanks, I will stop by on the th!
Highly recommend all of
Aiming for hover test next week
Thank you!
Earthquakes tend to have the biggest effect on the surface, like waves on water. That's why LA can have a (lame, but getting better) subway.
Thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar!
Lmfao omg
This is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
Just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
Yup
Creating a neural lace is the thing that really matters for humanity to achieve symbiosis with machines
Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night.
Interview with about Tesla and DOE loan gets into some of the details
Hell yeah, with that crew, we will party like Escobar and Cobain wish they could've partied!!
I hope so
Given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value
China unveils ambitious space strategy
Bot is not directly on the path of accelerating a sustainable energy future, but it aspirationally improves the probability that the future is good
Shakespeare. Then love-devouring death do what he dare; It is enough I may but call her mine.
Tesla is a vehicle for creating ; producing many useful products
Turns out you can make anything fly haha
Much less
True
Finally, VR thats cool *and* sexy!
Small detail, but each one will come with a serial number from to
Thanks to everyone that supported Tesla in New Jersey! We couldn't have done it without you.
Over a quarter million gasoline vehicle fires per year in USA alone
With our giant casting machines, we are literally trying to make full-size cars in the same way that toy cars are made
But we probably wont try for best lap time this week, as we need to review ; tune Model S thoroughly for safety on Nrburgring, especially Flugplatz section
True
Good point
In about six months or so. Linked to dual motor config.
Would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other Tesla owners in the area
Turns out theres more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Starship to Mars simulation
We are definitely patenting this idea
Hes everywhere
Model unveil will be webcast live at :30pm California time at
V11 is
I think we could make that work
Either way, this case certainly deserves close examination by the DoD Inspector General per 's request
My plan is to use the money to get humanity to Mars and preserve the light of consciousness
You can now drive anywhere in the US (except N Alaska), most of Europe, China ; Japan using the Tesla Supercharger network!
Neuralink surprise twist!
Soon
Ironically, same publications will attack me for compensation tied to Tesla tripling in value and imply Tesla is worthless. They cant *both* be true!
Successive iteration of both design ; manufacturing. Latter is % harder than former.
At this point, just count atoms ; dispense with nm
Youre most welcome! Sorry for the delay.
True. Each of these engines is also slightly different. Raptor is evolving rapidly.
I think there is a &gt;0% chance Tesla could be the biggest company
Nice
Its a hard problem, mostly due to esthetics, but its the future we should have
Not that easy. This is two decades of intense work. Have to look at old notes, emails, texts.
Thats certainly the right way to go to store massive amounts of data for a long time
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal
Higher Isp too
Excellent meetings with senior leaders in China. Very thoughtful about the long-term future.
Cryptocurrency is promising, but please invest with caution!
It will have high pressure air rocket thrusters behind a license plate that flips down. Bong, James Bong
Juneteenth is henceforth considered a US holiday at Tesla ; SpaceX
Higgins managed to make his book both false *and* boring
Will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
Close contact family gatherings that mix young kids, who have almost no risk of C19 death, with grandparents who have high risk (especially those with prior lung damage), are one of the most powerful mortality vectors
Hopefully, months
After several successful launches, land overflight earlier in trajectory passes E-sub-c safety threshold. That said, Starship will also launch from Cape long-term.
Genetic engineering is too slow unless you use a synthetic virus
Thank for bringing this up. Tesla will expedite service center openings. Have you tried our mobile service that comes to you?
New ; improved version!
Tesla uses that to wirebond cells to module current collectors. Is there a commercially available machine that can weld ~4mm full hard stainless barrels ; domes?
Cool! Btw, thought you might appreciate that st flight of Dragon spacecraft carried a large wheel of cheese
Rest of SpaceX propulsion still very active, so only ~50 full-time equivalent people right now. That will grow a lot as we enter production. Its X harder (at least) to design engine production system than engine. In automotive, X harder.
Nice work!
Ok, sounds legit, will donate M trees
Time to break up Amazon. Monopolies are wrong!
Thanks, support super appreciated
Super proud of the great work by the SpaceX team!
And the lead character is also named Woody
That would be cool
Great work by Tesla team worldwide!
Ok
That is actual speed. It is slowed down right now to confirm build consistency and so that a person can stop the robots in time if something goes wrong.
Hell yeah!!
Yeah. Never seen it so high ever.
Starfleet begins
Reduced size by ~3%, center line is more level ; lower window sill height
Not only needs to be botproof, but seek ; unmask anyone operating a disinformation bot army
I do like nonsense memes. Its true.
The crypto scam level on Twitter is reaching new levels. This is not cool.
Boring is developing an entirely new system of transport
Two one for millions of years from now and one for you
Noodles in Shinjuku
Coming soon
And, since we will run out of oil anyway, why risk the future of all life on Earth simply to delay sustainable energy?
Good chance it will
I am in awe of Sweden
Frank ; Beans
Am in Oslo to thank the Norwegian customers of personally. Highest Model S orders per capita in the world.
Not having a big gas guzzler engine in front means theres room for trunks in front ; back, plus longer crumple zone for best safety of any midsize car
Batteries!
Thanks Tesla owners in China! Looking forward to visiting soon for the groundbreaking of Gigafactory Shanghai!
Guardians of the Galaxy is great. Best line is when Star-Lord says his spaceship looks like a Jackson Pollock painting under black light.
Tesla always charges the same price for a Powerwall (only taxes ; shipping costs vary), so something is messed up here. I've asked my team to stop shipment to any installers charging excessive premiums.
Model S goes to Plaid speed this week
Luck is the best superpower
Its almost done
Yes
Probably sooner
Orbit insertion and Dragon deploy all good. Falcon reentry burn also good. Waiting for landing data from tracking plane.
Correct
Medical check is A-ok!
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins ; header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed.
You wont find pro-union either. The books are all about freedom. No one is forced to join any organization.
Generally higher quality reporting, especially if not under pressure to publish fast. Consumer Reports is great (and often critical of Tesla). Heard good things about The Information too.
Glad its working! The sheer amount of work done by SpaceX engineering, production ; launch teams is amazing. Ping should improve dramatically in coming months. Were aiming for &lt;20ms. Basically, you should be able to play competitive FPS games through Starlink.
Sure hope this isnt true. It is the non-linearities, such as Siberian permafrost melting or ocean currents changing, that are most difficult to predict.
This might sting a little
Vibbbe
Were trying to get rid of contracts completely. Should just be tap here ; you get your car. Then, if you dont like it for any reason, just return it like any other product.
Sending this tweet through space via Starlink satellite
Agreed, this will be exciting to see!
Yes, this is a real problem. The science is not in doubt.
Heavy seas in Atlantic preventing our recovery ship from being on station. Maybe they can help?
Dragon Spacecraft supersonic abort test coming up either tomorrow or Sunday, depending on weather
Yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. Those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
DMTwitter
Yeah, definitely a future feature
Theres a lot of frozen CO2 ; H2O on Mars. Heating the planet will densify the atmosphere. Its solvable.
For their test drive, the Motor Trend team drove from LA to San Diego and back without recharging
Yes
Cool
This person is wrong. Why does JD want to believe he got cucked so bad anyway!?
No real surface is perfect, but it did pull about lbs of muck rail cars out of a tunnel
Great actions by Twitter to delete bogus accounts. Will increase usage by real users.
Version
It is strange that big auto companies literally have thousands more factory injuries than Tesla ; millions more auto deaths, but somehow get less coverage. We are not perfect, but were doing our best to make clean energy real ; be a good company.
A good PCR test should identify if I have the cov2 spike proteins, although I have heard some low accuracy numbers for those too. Hard to get a straight answer. False positives will roughly scale with of tests ; daily test rate has gone ballistic:
Model was going to be called Model E, for obvious dumb humor reasons, but Ford sued to block it, so now it is S3X. Totally different
Yep, good catch
+ for almost everything + for heat shields and a few other items.
Not super surprising, given that internal combustion engine cars literally have combustion in the name
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX
And Mars
MCU (infotainment computer) upgrade not recommended imo. Isnt needed for full self-driving ; cost is ~$2k for limited entertainment improvements.
Starship SN10 landed in one piece!
is not out of the question for an uncrewed flight
Engines stabilized rocket spin just in time, enabling an intact landing in water! Ships en route to rescue Falcon.
Defeating traffic is the ultimate boss battle
But also this
Any crypto wallet that wont give you your private keys should be avoided at all costs
If youd like to join Tesla AI, but cant easily move to Palo Alto or Austin, that is acceptable for extremely excellent candidates where inefficiency of distance is overcome by talent
Good thing about radar is that, unlike lidar (which is visible wavelength), it can see through rain, snow, fog and dust
Thanks ! : The Model S delivered what promised. A ride to make you re-think going electric.
How about the video we just took of the first Model release candidate drive?
Hard to say with high accuracy, but to weeks is my best guess
Absolutely. Youve touched on a very important point. The ship must be easy to repair on the moon and Mars.
$300M cost diff between SpaceX and Boeing/Lockheed exceeds avg value of satellite, so flying with SpaceX means satellite is basically free
Its a factor
We had to reallocate some resources to speed this up ; received great support from Airborne, our parachute supplier. I was at their Irvine factory with the SpaceX team on Sat and Sun. Were focusing on the advanced Mk3 chute, which provides highest safety factor for astronauts.
That is correct
Full thrust achieved on sec static fire. Some anomalies to be investigated, so launch date tbd.
Thats why editors are included too
unfettered certainly and at very low cost
Yeah, that will be a great milestone
That was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher ; stability of booster in ground winds is low
Haha true! Hard to convey tone in tweets. Many people would probably be a lot less upset if they heard me speak the words.
New drug coming out called Regretamine. Pop one ; all regrets are gone.
Just one skyscraper catching another nbd haha
For the future to be good, we need electric transport, solar power and (of course) ...
Grasshopper rocket flies up m, holds against wind and lands. Vid taken from our hexacopter
That would be cool. I wonder what its like under all that ice.
Yeah, I wuz running on almost no sleep
Sure
Thank you! I thought it was so obvious
Fuel header tank pressure was low during landing burn, causing touchdown velocity to be high ; RUD, but we got all the data we needed! Congrats SpaceX team hell yeah!!
Thats our goal!
Listening to Revolutions by Duncan Found this on a throw pillow
Sounds cool. Where are the trees being planted ; what kind of trees?
Tinny
No, service will stock all colors
Yes, as you point out, it will clear up a lot of the misunderstandings
The Nude Scientist
Thanks!
Were working on a new Tesla mini-car that can squeeze in an adult
Relief
If fate is on our side, it will be amazing. Will talk about that in detail next week.
Yeah, looks like marginal cost of launch will be less than $1M for more than tons to orbit, so its mostly about fixed costs divided by launches per year
This is just peeling back the first layer of the corruption onion. Stay tuned
There are people not on Twitter!? Where are they?
If Tesla ; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Ascent to the Heavens
Reducing traffic fatalities by % seems likely, perhaps ultimately by over %
True
The last of ten Iridium global communication satellites delivered to orbit several hundred miles
Thanks to all who caught the error
Safety is our primary design goal
Plus a towel and a sign saying Dont Panic
So how was your night?
noted
It will be slightly smaller w fewer features as std. Think Audi A4 or BMW vs Model S being S7 or M5
It is stable on the ground without propellant loaded, which is an improvement from OG Atlas
Exactly. Douglas Adams knew what he was talking about.
No
Jerome is great! Tesla team in general is the strongest its ever been.
Plaid release event
True
And New York
Soon, SpaceX will launch astronauts to !
Ancient times
The collective wisdom of the market is usually (not always) better than the smartest govt regulator.
Raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design ; replace some parts. Production is ramping exponentially, though. SN6 almost done. Aiming for an engine every hours by end of year.
Interesting
Please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
Tesla actually sent out ResMed, Philips ; Medtronic units. Latter is fully intratracheal. My personal opinion is that some ICUs are jumping the gun on intubation ; setting PEEP ; O2 too high. High pressure, pure oxygen increases risk of lung damage.
We can prob reduce width by an inch ; maybe reduce length by + inches without losing on utility or esthetics. Min height is below inches when air suspension set to low. Will post exact number soon.
People tell me Cory Johnson is a shill for the shorts. Don't know if true, but he sure behaves that way.
There was a tiny glitch in the motion of an upper stage engine actuator. Probably not a flight risk, but still worth investigating.
Burst disk worked, so vehicle appears to be ok. Well have to swap out at least one of the engines.
Methalox is the right propellant. Should be staged combustion ; highly reusable.
Seems like they should make a whole outfit out of that material
He is right
Carlos Gone
Not trying to roast, just being as literal as possible
They are
Cant say, but it involves a
Big communication penalty for remote work, which means the gain in talent that wont move has to be very high
Exactly, potentially helping billions of economically disadvantaged people is the greater good. That said, well make sure Starlink has no material effect on discoveries in astronomy. We care a great deal about science.
Im starting a candy company ; its going to be amazing
poetic justice
A culture of corruption his words
Sorry
Going over final tweaks tonight. Hopefully in wide release end of week.
But, occasionally, the metal version
True, although the changemyview subreddit is least likely to be clicked on by people who really should change their view
I hope they do! It would be awesome
Next month is also when our Dragon spaceship docks with the Space Station for the first time. Major pucker factor...
New Summon will use the Autopilot cameras
Colonizing Mars (thanks Prof Hubbard for creating this from my talk). Major changes to the plan coming soon.
A Speedraptor is a Velociraptor with no sense of direction (thats how you can them apart)
That's just to win our Hyperloop student competition in ~1 mile tube. Practical version would have a turbo compressor on front taking ram air pressure at near sonic to hypersonic speeds ; driving that thru air skiis ; rearward for thrust.
Play your favorite song in a Tesla ; turn the volume to You will see. You will feel.
Full stack is rn, but kinda beggin for just one more
Wow, so of wrote article that misled public about Model production ; followed that up with mean tweet to me on my bday. Nice work ; .
If major Dogecoin holders sell most of their coins, it will get my full support. Too much concentration is the only real issue imo.
Perhaps the Internet has some helpful suggestions?
Not risky imo ; can be adjusted/improved real-time. Essentially need to figure out most effective way to convert mass to energy, as Mars is slightly too far from this solar systems fusion reactor (the sun).
Michael Marks, then Zeev Drori, but I helped out as co-CEO as they didnt have much automotive domain expertise
Coachella should postpone itself until it stops sucking
Exactly. Atmospheric drag clearing out orbital debris is a major reason why we dropped altitude to ~550km.
So much more is needed for life to become multiplanetary
Frodo was the underdoge, All thought he would fail, Himself most of all.
Shaking out the problems (literally) haha
No worse than production of a gasoline car, provided the lithium-ion battery cathode is primarily nickel vs cobalt. Nickel is the main alloying ingredient in stainless steel, which is what knives ; forks are made of.
Plus, you can basically accelerate at the limit of human endurance
And we start digging the tunnel tonight
Yes, its in my Twitter banner pic
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg will be the first to use our new structural pack architecture, (worlds most advanced cells, made on-site), both front ; rear body castings ; advanced paint shop. Warning: with so much new technology, production timing is naturally harder to predict.
He came damn close to killing Tesla through a combination of bad management decisions, driving out talented people, bad engineering, major blunders in supply chain ; an elaborate deception about the true cost ; schedule of the Tesla Roadster.
Also, insulation of a deep cryogen( which Id call anything that liquifies nitrogen aka % of air) is heavy ; prone to heat leaks. H2 is hell.
Next years competition will be in a km vacuum tunnel with a curve
Haha seriously
You can watch the launch at
Translating what actually happened in the debates...
Similar, but seemingly small changes can have surprisingly big effects
Done
It's been a bear to get done, but prob days or so, depending on full speed autosteer test results
More like $1000, but varies by country due to big differences in tax
Good thread
Of course
Activists should be pushing for more moderates to advise President, not fewer. How could having only extremists advise him possibly be good?
Please take a moment to report accounts clearly engaged in harassment. It is the only way to maintain public discourse.
Haha
Listening to REALiTi
Not exactly. We just bundled the upgrade package into Performance. No problem if you want to return the car, but I think lifetime free Supercharging is a good deal.
All Superchargers are being converted to solar/battery power. Over time, almost all will disconnect from the electricity grid.
Hollywood refuses to write even one story about an actual company startup where the CEO isnt a dweeb and/or evil
Unfortunately, I must agree that these are reasonable concerns
Glad youre ok!
Drive units and battery are sealed
Lil baby
Also good. There are several that are on par with US. Just don't think any are better. People confuse laws with courts.
Having a sinking feeling that most people actually do think it was aliens
Interesting Economist article about how humanity's collective actions have created a fundamentally new geological age -- the Anthropocene.
Use Signal
True
V8 will be our biggest release since v1, so taking longer to refine. Awesome on every level. Meeting w design team every day.
Were working on it. Takes time to get all regulatory approvals. Almost there for the larger US states. At least to months for Europe/UK.
Exactly!
Yeah, exactly. So that makes it cool, right!?
Will send some to the Shortseller Enrichment Commission to comfort them through these difficult times
By Spiderwee on Artstation
Tomorrow is Part of the Model unveil. Part , which takes things to another level, will be closer to production.
I worried we wont be taken seriously if our short shorts have flames
They're so real. Anyone going to that much trouble must really care. I'd gladly follow their commands, but they're so friggin obtuse
A mere kW ... what are you referring to, a children's toy?
Yeah, SpaceX is working on ventilators too
Demolition Man is coming true
Yeah, its not a contest. Advanced casting crushes best-case D printing, but casting doesnt work well for complex enclosed volumes ; high strength or high temp alloys.
Yes
Earth should be called Water. Our surface is % water. Mars land area is roughly equal to Earth, as its all land. Even when warmed up ; water ice turns liquid, Mars will be about /3 land.
Landing on tower arms
How about baby pink?
Sounds about right
Once the board was presented with the evidence of Eberhards deception/fraud ; the dire state of the company, all board members, including those he appointed, voted unanimously to fire him in August .
For sure
There sure are a lot of interesting ways to arrange pixels
What does it look like?
u3k
Damn, now I want donuts
Reading The Culture series by Banks. Compelling picture of a grand, semi-utopian galactic future. Hopefully not too optimistic about AI.
About an hour away from launch. I'd like to thank for taking a chance on . We've given it our all.
Lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
Accurate
About to go through my first jury selection process. Trial concerns an alleged gang related murder. Hardcore.
Yeah, not scalable. My grad student idea was to try to use advanced chip making equipment to create high energy density capacitors accurate to molecular level.
Yeah, this was a three engine landing burn, so triple deceleration of last flight. That's important to minimize gravity losses.
Exactly
Wont change. Starship launch structure will be attached to the other side from tower.
Great talking with !
Are you me or are you you?
Just did an interview with Spaceflight Now. Some of your questions may be answered here:
Yes, probably within next to months
Aiming to launch next week
We will spend or months with public beta of V3 in North America, make sure there are no corner case issues ; then begin buildout worldwide.
I find it more helpful to read/follow individual journalists, rather than publications. Any given publication is going to have wide range of views, albeit vast majority of stories about any subject are negative, perhaps reflecting innate human biases. Citizen journalism FTW!
Sure, thanks
Yes. Also, despite high outside heat, rapid water vaporization can counter-intuitively cause it to snap freeze ; block cooling channels.
Tesla in tunnel with retractable wheel gear that turns a car into a rail-guided train ; back again
Center core RUD. It was a long shot.
Saylor Moon
There will only be EVs in the future
Yes, will be used for rear cargo storage. Also helps manage center of mass for heavy payloads when forward cargo is full.
Cool
Sure looks that way
Tesla owner drives through a flooded tunnel ; out the other side
to mph trap speed in a /4 mile. mph top speed (with right tires).
I was just there. Good progress!
Abandoned car and biked across London. Super fun! Next time minus the tweed jacket.
Entropy is the source and the end of life in this instance of the Multiverse
Please note prices on all Tesla inventory cars worldwide rise by ~3% on April
Moving lumbar was removed only in front passenger seat of /Y (obv not there in rear seats). Logs showed almost no usage. Not worth cost/mass for everyone when almost never used. Prices increasing due to major supply chain price pressure industry-wide. Raw materials especially.
Exactly
Definitely down the road, once construction ; upgrades arent so crazy
Karma
Why sir
This is technically a Speedraptor
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
Will do
Giga Texas is a $10B+ investment over time, generating at least k direct ; k indirect jobs
A great mystery of the universe
For sure!! This will make for some epic robber confusion
Coming soon for all Tesla cars. Just an OTA software update.
Maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
Crysis rocks
And ... it's done
we will
Marx was a capitalist. He even wrote a book about it.
If you cant beat em, join em Neuralink mission statement
So long, and thanks for the orifice! - Alien message decrypted
Sigh. This is crux of matter: cant make system too annoying or people wont use it, negatively affecting safety, but also cant allow people to get too complacent or safety again suffers. Latest update should have a positive effect on latter issue especially.
Im told import duties are extremely high (up to %), even for electric cars. This would make our cars unaffordable.
I was going to say Sim!, but that seemed too obvious haha
Parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. Doing an in-depth engineering review of Enhanced Summon later today.
This piece about Mars in the NYT is worth a read
But they should go electric now. Less range, but so easy, quiet ; clean.
Full disclosure, Im actually a year old vampire. Its such a trial assuming all these false identities over the centuries!
This is how we will view fossil fuel cars
Eurovision
Yes
I wish them well. Track record in auto startups is tough. Thousands of US auto startups, but only Ford ; Tesla have avoided bankruptcy. A similar scenario is likely in all countries.
Haha
And if it doesnt work, hes gonna sue death!
Center core RUD. It was a long shot.
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
... which is the critical breakthrough needed for life to become multiplanetary.
sec -60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Not me, Im gonna die right here in the USA. Or Mars. Just not on impact.
Yes
Cryptocandy
Sure, Im planning on meeting community supporters around the presentation on the th. Thanks!
Both
No reductions from here
what's the link to that?
Stainless Steel Starship
Sure, which ones?
Yeah. Movie still enjoyable due to some great characters, but plot ; editing could've been better. Really needed more Joker+Harley.
Hopefully, this month, no later than next
Exactly!
But wouldn't recommend transporting astronauts beyond Earth-moon region. Wouldn't be fun for longer journeys. Internal volume ~size of SUV.
Saw The Dictator yesterday. Reminded me of Putin's reelection. Seems like only yesterday since he was last in power.
Super Heavy rocket will be much like Falcon , but the Ship is a strange combination of Dragon, F9 ; a skydiver.
Exactly
Testing the Model S on a surface of pure ice and snow
Air Force certifies to compete for launching national security satellites
Radical change
Absolutely
Haha, just like Super Troopers
Orange you glad its not entomology?
True
Yes
Just read it. Good piece.
Indeed. I have great respect for judges. Its not perfect, but, in general, we should be very glad of the US justice system.
They told me they would appreciate help
Hard to believe its been years already. Those goals actually precede the creation of Tesla by many years. Goes back to probably ~1992 when I was in college. However, at the time, I thought the chance of achieving those goals was very low.
This is for suborbital VTOL tests. Orbital version is taller, has thicker skins (wont wrinkle) ; a smoothly curving nose section.
If you have a Tesla built in past years, definitely try Navigate on Autopilot. It will blow your mind. Automatically passes slow cars ; takes highway interchanges ; off-ramps.
We have almost all the pieces needed for humanoid robots, since we already make robots with wheels
Schatz, bitte hr auf- ich werde rot!
% higher. ~1.3 M lbs sea level and ~1.5 M lbs vacuum thrust. Will be % higher with some tweaks.
Supersonic shock wave
Started Zip2 with ~$2k ; ~$100k of student debt, rolled proceeds into X/PayPal, rolled proceeds again into SpaceX/Tesla, but these are all companies where I played fundamental founding role. Not right to ask others to put in money if I dont put in mine.
Were working on it
Sure. We can show them live. Eerily realistic. Maybe we should make a game.
Heat will breathe life into Mars
Although Teams is pretty good
His son sounds great btw
Green eggs ; SPAC
First Production Model
I literally have the receipts!! This is so dumb.
The Model body line slowed down to /10th speed
Maybe that movie gaslit us all
Mostly not
Woohoo, rocket hold down firing completed and all looks good!!
Tesla China team is awesome!
mtr trnd
The new heat pump in Model Y is what really makes the difference in cold weather
Hehehe
Stop hashtagging me
Order Tesla Model S Plaid at
Yes
Congrats!
About a week. Will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
Heneghan makes a lot of sense. Hilarious that he has to clarify that he runs the Center for *Evidence-Based* Medicine at Oxford . General public doesnt realize quite how much of medicine is subjective or outright witchcraft.
A remarkable junction in history
Thats the goal. There a few known weak points on this test tank, probably capable of more pressure. The second test tank to follow shortly has addressed the weak points.
Its my glasses
This is utterly false. Fossil fuel merchants of doubt have been pushing that bs for years. Tesla Gigafactory will be % renewable powered (by Tesla Solar) by end of next year.
Falcon back in the hangar at Cape Canaveral. No damage found, ready to fire again.
Live pack swap demo on Thurs night at pm California time at our design studio in Hawthorne. Seeing is believing.
Driving a Model and playing
Obnoxious threads like this make me want to go all in on Doge
Yeah, it looks like a medieval torture device, but is nonetheless currently used in many human studies! Not hard to be way better.
Flight is hopefully to months away
Insanely cute!
Hoping to get Joe Mode into V10. The default, of course, is normal volume, but selecting Joe Mode would lower the volume of strident beeps ; chimes by half.
Maybe a little
One click to order solar ; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
Currently at ~270 bar, but working on upgrades to get it over bar
nice
Pretty close. It will look absurdly tall ; have a lot more ground support equipment.
They are dead to me
Tesla is developing a NN training computer called Dojo to process truly vast amounts of video data. Its a beast! Please consider joining our AI or computer/chip teams if this sounds interesting.
True
Officially verified as the first production electric car to exceed km on a single charge! Congratulations Tesla Owners Italia!!
Green Hills software is a pile of trash. Linux ftw.
Pretty much. Good news is that this was a test configuration error, rather than a design or build mistake. Not enough pressure in the LOX tank ullage to maintain stability with a heavy load in the CH4 tank. This was done with N2.
Due to lower gravity, you can travel from surface of Mars to surface of Earth fairly easily with a single stage rocket. Earth to Mars is vastly harder.
If we need to tweak sat orientation to minimize solar reflection during critical astronomical experiments, thats easily done. Most orbital objects are close to Earth btw, as shown by this NASA density map.
Semi specs are better than anything I've seen reported so far. Semi eng/design team work is aces, but other needs are greater right now.
No, hes still much faster
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res)
Its slightly better
Sure. Want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
Needs to be such that anyone can go if they want, with loans available for those who dont have money
I was being too obvious
~2.8m
Yes
Returning from Cape Canaveral to California...
Your cruel taunts cut me deep. Deep. But, I love you too.
Honestly I woulda clicked it
We did a ton of testing until they could handle X legally required impact energy. Extremely tough.
Its only slightly more expensive to Tesla (same price to car owners), but owner happiness is way higher, so worth doing
This is great.
one of my favorite games as a kid
Should be summer next year. Sorry, really wish we could get RHD done sooner. We truly are working as fast as we can.
Jim, no response?
A monkey is literally playing a video game telepathically using a brain chip!!
~700nm to ~400nm
She photobombed me at a Vanity Fair Oscar party. Was there with . Dont know Ghislaine at all. Why do you think it should be a bigger story?
Fixing
True
If someone really wants to return the car in good faith on day , thats fine
Sorry, to be clear, this pic is all real. Nothing rendered.
Love this Tesla video made by
Yes
FSD price will rise as we get closer to FSD production code release
Playing a little Polytopia. Gonna try Solaris w my boys.
I will eat a happy meal on tv if accepts Dogecoin
Great game
Design ; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible
Sea sponge. Humans would later use our bodies to clean dishes. So humiliating.
Very sensible. Knows how to handle exponential functions in reality.
Life, the Universe and Everything
Excited about launching asteroid defense mission!
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
Yes
Must feel amazing up there in microgravity zooming around the Earth every minutes! Hope you have a Merry Christmas!
Would be great to have ; !
Great. Also love Princess Mononoke.
Enough of the public does care about the truth. I have faith in the people.
~spawn npc.alien
Yes
Only Halo
To conserve computing power, a simulation would only render an object when it is observed
Changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for years. Every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for Model .
Congratulations, this is major!
Just read it. Book is accurate.
Glad to hear that. Engineering team also getting feedback from the British dive team on how to improve the design for future applications.
Way more important than it sounds
Hex nostalgia
Yes
Someone else thought of an electric blower first? What!?
Hardly anyone noticed, but still
Great work by SpaceX Dragon team ; Airborne! To be clear, weve only done multi-parachute test of Mk3 design, so more left to reach successful tests in a row.
Im not always late haha
View of Grasshopper test rocket from the water tower. Note SUV and person nearby for sense of size.
First two domes of SN1 are almost complete
True
Hi Dustin!
Definitely
Agreed
FSD Beta is actually not great imo, but Autopilot/AI team is rallying to improve as fast as possible. Were trying to have a single stack for both highway ; city streets, but it requires massive NN retraining.
Ok
No problem
FSD display V9.0 will show actual probability distribution of objects true minds eye of the neural net. This is so cool!
Please contact DMV Commissioner and Governor. This is not good for the people of Virginia.
Just test-fired the Superdraco rocket engine. Enables launch escape and landing on thrusters. SpaceX.com
Ok
While there are some material similarities, Starship is very different from the Atlas design
Coming soon. Sorry for the delay!
Making great candy is harder than it seems!
$5 per min to argue with knight. $12 for min bulk discount.
Orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or Mars. Initially just Starship to Starship, later dedicated tankers.
Deal
In retrospect, it was inevitable
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
That was a tough one. New Model Y structural pack is next-level though.
Walk this way no, *this* way
Were stripping SN2 to bare minimum to test the thrust puck to dome weld under pressure, first with water, then at cryo. Hopefully, ready to test in a few days.
If only they had spaceships, theyd still be around
Should be easy to add as a feature like calendar
Yay Switzerland!!
Only if theyre extremely tiny
Some challenges with ice formation in the cryogenic propellant prevalves. Hopefully overcome soon.
Yes
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
Goal is to service your car wherever you are, quietly ; quickly. No need to bring it to a Tesla service center.
Tap cancel on the screen
Just want say that I support as Twitter CEO. He has a good .
Congrats to NIO. That is a tough milestone.
Next quarter
Great game!
But actual road data is what matters most
Yes
Most people have no idea
Customized horn ; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
FTC blog supports direct car sales as good for consumers
Wow cool
Its been suggested by many, externally ; internally
Sure
They look beautiful
None shall pass!
Please ignore prior tweets, as that was someone pretending to be me This is actually me.
Summon is improving rapidly
Raceway ; flap hinge aero covers
Gave a talk on energy and transport at Oxford Univ
What makes resistance complex is that its half imaginary!
I dont use Binance (tried at one point, but signup was too many hoops to jump through), so no inconvenience to me personally. Just raising this issue on behalf of other Doge holders.
Exactly
Good point!
Most people dont know theres a whole box of Easter eggs with every Tesla. Just tap logo on center screen ; wait. Easy access to most of discovered ones. More coming
Have been reading about Henry Fielding, who had the most excellent pen name of Captain Hercules Vinegar
coming later this year
Definitely a lot of potential for geothermal, but depends on well depth. Too expensive in most places.
Absolutely, but it doesnt seem that govt can move fast enough
Probably to months. Were about to ship Raptor SN .
Armored Personnel Carrier (APC)
Given how quickly the world is shifting to electric vehicles, a gas/diesel vehicle bought today will probably have low resale value
Will be answered on th
k
Maybe wont need a key at all
Falcon/Dragon launch to in minutes
Y has next-level upgrades, especially body castings ; heat pump
Aspirationally, decades
Science
Probably commenting on will do more
Yup
As the planets align only once every two years
Probably end of next year
Yes, but you get to your destination so quickly ; directly that it doesnt matter
I hope they have a high pain tolerance. Scaling production, supply chain, logistics ; service is a world of hurt.
The hard work by FAA, US Fish ; Wildlife and Texas Parks ; Wildlife is much appreciated, as well as the strong local support from Cameron County and Brownsville / South Padre!
We are considering several options
Youre right, will fix
Looking into it
Cybrrrtruck
Slightly heavier than shielded aluminum, but more control authority and can be reused indefinitely with no touch ups
Sorry, accidental tap!
That is the aspiration, but we need to be cautious. Safety is always paramount at Tesla.
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
Already have
Romeo + Juliet, fish tank scene
A simpler time, it was
Those engines could go bar, but would be dicey. Pushing it for near-term tests doesnt achieve anything, but Im confident Raptor will do bar for orbital flights.
Join our underground movement!
Great game. Whole Fallout series is amazing.
Thats what I was thinking too!
Tesla audio engineers come from B ; many other companies. They literally rq. Our system is highly programmable, so we keep improving it via OTA codec updates.
With Asimovs Foundation Series etched in glass in the glovebox. Zeroth law
Whats worse is that I even told Stanford to check me for the $^* parasite ; they still couldnt find it!
Pretty much
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from . Road noise ; ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month.
We had to reallocate some resources to speed this up ; received great support from Airborne, our parachute supplier. I was at their Irvine factory with the SpaceX team on Sat and Sun. Were focusing on the advanced Mk3 chute, which provides highest safety factor for astronauts.
Tesla just acquired trucking capacity to ensure Model can be delivered in US by Dec if ordered by Nov
Starhopper just lifted off ; hit tether limits!
SpaceX could not do this without NASA. Can't express enough appreciation.
% would be impressive. Anything below a % payload hit would be outstanding.
Nothing to do w govt incentives or making money. Thought % prob of losing it all (almost did many times), but it was the only chance.
The turbine also spins though. Partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer ; impellers.
This is twice the area of our standard phased array with broader scan angle
Will also be launching The Boring Company China on this trip
True
Most big companies in tech have turned into places where talent goes to die
Press conference went way over time. Tried to give all the journalists who'd traveled far an opportunity to ask a question.
Thruster pods one through four are now operating nominally. Preparing to raise orbit. All systems green.
SpaceX and The Boring Company are running the Hyperloop competition
Roadster will be better
Feature coming soon
When we launch I want to know that SpaceX has done everything possible to keep the astronauts safe. Only a few more years to go.
Wont land propulsively for those reasons. Ultra light heat shield ; high Mach control surfaces are what we cant test well without orbital entry. I think we have a handle on propulsive landings.
Raptor has a larger throat diameter, so thrust is ~245 tons at bar
Yes. Green cards ; dual citizens already ok. Work ; spousal visas not yet, but hopefully soon. This is separate from judicial action.
Starman in Red Roadster
Then why were taxpayers forced to overpay for ULA?
Exactly
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov
Science has gone too far
Read "Lying", the new book by my friend Sam Harris. Excellent cover art and lots of good reasons not to lie!
Good progress, but years to launch our first humans is a long time. Technology must advance faster or there will be no city on the red planet in our lifetime.
Excellent safety in rollover (5 star+). That was what took so long to develop.
A thousand ships will be needed to create a sustainable Mars city
Raptor just achieved power level needed for Starship ; Super Heavy
Adding people in next version
Leasing now available for Model
It *is* vision
Of course
Its kind of like the post office. Same price for delivery to Maine as the SF Bay Area. But you do get a free Tesla factory tour, which is really fun to see.
The Semi-erotics of Evil
Private beta begins in ~3 months, public beta in ~6 months, starting with high latitudes
Interesting
In principle, I think synthetic RNA (and DNA) has amazing potential. This basically makes the solution to many diseases a software problem.
Fair enough
Depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of August
China, Russia, soon all countries w strong computer science. Competition for AI superiority at national level most likely cause of WW3 imo.
Welcome anytime
Cybertruck, ATV, Roadster ; Semi C A R S
Almost all input is error. Car should do the right thing automatically.
Haha no one can ever have our top secret fart technology!!
Better just to ride your max temp all the way down ; let T^4 be your friend. Lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
We have a lot of heavy lifting equipment. Will ask my team to send it over.
Also makes for a great shelter
Good conversation with head of FAA Space. Need a bit more hazard analysis ; should be clear to fly soon.
The economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on Mars
we won't be, but yes
First Boring Brick store opening in ~2 months. Only cents a brick! Rated for California seismic loads.
Three things, one of which is CH4
Starting across from my desk at SpaceX. Crenshaw and the Freeway, which is mins from LAX
Yes
Haha
OTA
Initial Hat Offering going great w over $300k in hat sales already! Thanks for buying our super boring hat. You rock, figuratively ; literally. All cash goes directly towards more boring.
Exactly
Pushing start to ~5:45 to allow more people to arrive
WW
Otherwise youd only see a blur
Just installed steel skeleton of the car/pod elevator. Should be operating next week.
Gas/diesel cars too
Sound ; flame color will be quite different
Yes
Tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
Thats them! Schrdinger is neither here nor there.
km every millisecond, but there are times I wish it were faster
My grandmother was from Moose Jaw
has published several false articles about Tesla, including a doozy where she claimed Tesla scrapped more batteries than our total S,X ;3 production number, which is physically impossible.
Space Station tracking spaceship docking approach vector
That is a *counterpoint* to illustrate absurdity, meaning that obviously a single careless statement should *not* ruins someones life
Always
Yes, failure to protect nursing homes was a major mistake (happened in most countries). Herd immunity for vast majority of people ; quarantine vulnerable was right though imo.
There is a reason no fully reusable orbital rocket has been built its an insanely hard problem. Moreover, it must be rapidly ; completely reusable (like an airplane). This is the only way to make life multiplanetary. Efficiencies of scale is why Starship is so large.
Tesla expects to demonstrate self-driven cross-country trip next year via
Yes. Good.
Worked in Minecraft. Just sayin ...
Good ones
Agreed ; such a heartwarming photo
SpaceX rockets are % reusable, theirs are %. This is the actual problem.
If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more. Gen Shinseki
Most people arent aware that orbit (and zero gravity) is all about horizontal speed, not altitude. A spacecraft needs to travel about times the speed of sound to stay in space.
Yeah, but not a priority right now
Zeroth Law
Live view of Starman
Uh oh
Will also be important for Mars
GIGA BERLIN
I support people choosing whatever diet makes them happy, but its true that everyone going vegan still wouldnt stop climate change. Moving billions of tons of hydrocarbons from deep underground into the atmosphere ; oceans is fundamentally the issue.
Gaseous CH4/O2 ; heavy duty spark plugs. Basically, a of insane power
cool
Noted. You should be able to press mic button ; say bug report
They will. We spent a lot of time on those.
Should be possible to increase the air inflow rate above the leak rate, unless there is a very big hole. If oxygen % is dropping, suggests that leak holes are not large.
I thought we had lost for sure. We were just a tiny company back then, only of launches got to orbit ; I had no money left. Out of the blue, a few days before Christmas, NASA calls to say we won.
Improved process I was referring to was cylinder to cylinder circumferential welds to improve cycle time ; reduce pucker. Those are still working their way through production.
Missions like Inspiration4 help advance spaceflight to enable ultimately anyone to go to orbit ; beyond
Tesla is restarting production today against Alameda County rules. I will be on the line with everyone else. If anyone is arrested, I ask that it only be me.
Nice
Answers: Yes. No. Doesn't matter.
Ashlee Vance's biography is mostly correct, but also rife with errors ; never independently fact-checked, despite my request that he do so
Aiming for tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least tons, allowing for mass growth
Best use of the term Full Stack?
Pretty much
Brain transplants
Tesla has not yet decided on a fourth Gigafactory location
Ok, tho could be gnarly
New York judge states: "... dealers cannot utilize the Franchised Dealer Act as a means to sue their competitors". Exactly!
Mean Time To Dick is a key measure of any given human or machine intelligence system
The thing we call money is just an information system for labor allocation. What actually matters is making goods ; providing services. We should look at currencies from an information theory standpoint. Whichever has least error ; latency will win.
Dragon is designed to be able to land anywhere in the solar system. Red Dragon Mars mission is the first test flight.
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug
Yes
First time a Falcon rocket booster will reach double digits in flights
SpaceX Crew Dragon has docked with International
We had to focus on removing radar ; confirming safety. That release goes out next week to US production. Then a week or two to polish pure vision FSD ; v9 beta will release. Difference between v8 ; v9 is gigantic.
Classified as a URO, unidentified road object (from Area )
Will send you one
Read The Story of Civilization by Will ; Ariel Durant
Its USB-C
Oh man, this year has been such a supply chain nightmare ; its not over! I will provide an updated product roadmap on next earnings call.
I would like to second that congratulations. Outstanding accomplishment by China!
Just for perspective
Tesla cannot continue to lose money. To achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, Tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
I'm not an investor. Just believe in putting money into my own companies. Don't think the OPM approach is right.
Not ready to do a proper announcement yet, but maybe in a month or so. Maryland has been awesome to work with and just wanted to say thanks.
Higher hardness, higher strength ; doesnt cost crazy money for ~3mm skins
Probably
Actually, I stole it from my secret meme dealer
For a long time
Gravimetric energy density of batteries and achieving a high cell mass fraction
Great spirit here in the Superdome. Awesome rally by the !!
Oh and uh short burn of the century comin soon. Flamethrowers should arrive just in time.
Spoiler alert. Next thing youll tell me is they dont like pajamas.
First Starlink satellites loaded into Falcon fairing. Tight fit.
Exactly! Its also a far more exciting ; inspiring future if consciousness is out there among the stars, than forever confined to Earth until some eventual extinction event, however far in the future that may be (hopefully, very far).
Im such a bad public speaker! Damn.
After meltdown, vacation for me just meant email with a view, but SpaceX ; Tesla are now strong enough that I can make it real (yay!!)
No, we are minimizing configuration complexity to keep the production ramp on schedule. RWD only for early production, just like Model S.
All doors unlock automatically when the Tesla comes to a stop after an accident. There is both primary ; backup power to doors, brakes, steering ; airbags.
Bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money
probably
When the only existing life was a sponge
Tesla is also extending the Model S warranty to cover any fire damage even if due solely to a driver accident
Extremely important merch
a bit like that, but hopefully a more meaningful role for humans
True
Three weeks
Yeah
No, we expect some tiles to shake loose during static fires
Yes
Cool
Haha true. I actually love horses.
Just posted latest max payload capabilities of Falcon and Heavy
Coming soon, our battle with Big Tequila! Its real.
It still has one display
Starship Super Heavy with Raptors
Thats the number that really matters
This is an important distinction
Dave, I know youre a fan, but this is a silly question. I dont drive programs because I want to, but because I have to.
Wheres the proof!?
Time to return
Vandenberg is great for polar orbits. Will still play an important role long-term, but %+ will be eastward.
Just completed the rocket rollout review at SpaceX HQ in California. Almost time to launch. Pucker factor increasing...
But, if youre going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly!
We need to finish upgrading Autopilot to D vs ~2.5D, then it will go up very steep slopes
Around mid
Launch underway
Great food, great ambience and with great friends. We all really enjoyed the visit.
Thank you!
Conservation of energy tells you the answer
A little toastier each flight
Reminder to US buyers that the $7500 tax credit cuts in half in days! Order online at to see if there is any inventory left in your region or visit Tesla stores.
Standing down for today to inspect rocket. Hopefully launching tomorrow.
k
Da Vinci biography
Strangers in the Night
Earth is small ; we are smaller still
This is a big deal
Sure
Streaming. Check Neuralink website later today. Starts around pm.
So true John Clarke
Well said!
Limiting factor for first launch is regulatory approval. Thereafter, fundamental issue is solving engine production. Prototypes are easy, production is hard.
Needs legs for moon ; Mars
Maybe after you get your Model , we can talk about what you like ; what needs to be improved
No
Using legs as air brakes to drop terminal velocity in half requires slight redesign ; more data. Maybe flight .
You know destination weather before departure ; theres no weather in space
That was a great game
We are literally a brain in a vat. The vat is your skull. Everything you think is real is an electrical signal. Feels so real though.
That is a great guide
I think we can get (Veloci)Raptor T/W on par with Merlin. Latter also started out with about half its current T/W.
~20m up ; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully km up in a few months.
Original Star Wars
Exactly
Good question
No, will be autogenous from the start, tapping hot CH4 ; O2 from Raptor
Yeah, am hearing this from a lot of people ; it's getting me down. I'm just trying to make a positive contribution ; hope good comes of it.
Suicide is more than double homicide
I can sometimes be optimistic about schedules
It will have landing legs
Ascent phase good. Dragon deployed to Space Station rendezvous orbit.
Good grief, I'm not "working" for Trump. I'm trying to provide advice that helps take things in a more positive direction.
Thank for helping grow sustainable energy through solar!
Hope we're not just the biological boot loader for digital superintelligence. Unfortunately, that is increasingly probable
Booster center of mass is much lower ; more consistent (no payload mass to consider), so still biases towards engine first entry
My son asked if we would still speak English years from now. I said probably not. There was not even the faintest hint of English years ago.
Model motor ; gearbox still in good condition after driving M miles. Designed for ultra high endurance.
Everyone with a perfect score with get it. There are ~1000 owners with perfect scores. Maybe to by Friday night.
sounds about right
Or is it more about the way you use it?
Cute as a button
Great DragTimes video of people experiencing P85D "Insane Mode" acceleration for the first time
Dont know enough about Georges company, but it sounds like hes focused on a machine vision approach, which is the only general solution imo
With anything online
Thats me! Haha
That's a SpaceX engineer in there, not me
Also porting Unreal Engine
Dont do this
My understanding is that the big accounts are exchanges. Would be good to confirm though. Am told the biggest one is Robinhood.
Yes
System was green for launch. I called it off.
Our main engineering locations are Palo Alto, Austin ; Seattle, but working remotely is acceptable for exceptional candidates
Mass ratio. Liquid oxygen is much denser than liquid methane, even when the latter is cooled to just above its freezing point.
Improving permit approval speed ; lowering permit costs for solar would make a big difference
Yeah
Only some of the hottest sections
Not bad
That is true. Electric motors are far more reliable than combustion engines. You need an electric motor just to start a gas engine!
Indeed. The factory was empty at the time, stripped of all equipment that wasnt worth even its scrap value. But we salvaged what was left ; fixed up the old machines so some could work again.
Where is Shrek !?
Dont want to be unreasonable, but maybe they should be required to deliver at least one vehicle per billion dollars of valuation *before* the IPO?
Those are the new design made of titanium. Doesnt need heat shielding or even paint.
Probably for a base to be built
The is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound ; orbits the Earth every minutes
Trouble in Missouri. Auto dealers trying to sneak in a monopoly creation bill today
Click checkbox under Advanced Settings
Any observation of Schrdinger changes Schrdinger
This is incorrect
Im sorry, Fred, but WSJ has relentlessly attacked Tesla with bogus articles for over a decade. They cant *all* be chalked up to poor reporting. Where are the WSJ expos pieces on oil, coal ; gas? That industry is times bigger than Tesla. Perhaps theyre all angels
Knee deep
On it
Sure
Check the warranty
It has indeed become hard to find which platform has which show
Swipe down on navigate button to navigate home or to work if at home
No matter how many times u get hangry, you always think ur anger is real Plato
sland
Good progress on fast activation of summon down to ~1 second
Model S in drag queen competition
Universally admired
Fair enough haha
&lt;ahem&gt; Elon-chan
If history is any guide, not many will make it past the next recession
Actual Tesla range is about miles / km past zero
True
This is a risk, but not yet a limiting factor
Already fixed
Easily accessible energy
But wait how is the core of the earth lit by the sun? Stop asking questions!!
I was asked by a reporter if I was optimistic or pessimistic about SpaceXs future. That was my answer.
Thanks, that sounds great!
Not sure, will ask regulators
Basically, our pixel size
We have dogs ; cat. Dogs jump in car no problem. Cat does not. Experiment concluded.
Stonk tip of the day
You can steal our name/logos ; we probably wont sue you
Radar-only braking on HW1 is getting better with every release. We're hoping to do the demo where it brakes for a UFO in the fog soon.
Something like this is the best way to do it. Incent outcome, not path.
Good news on this front. Tesla engineering rallied ; this will be part of V9. Going through final testing now.
We went through the same drama on S ; X and almost all confirmed in the end. Will likely be even better for Model , as customer satisfaction score post delivery is higher. I worry zero about demand. Just spent all night in the factory, not the showroom.
Approximately km/s
Similar problem with US data
Will probably make sense to do this when Starship Mk has Raptors, moving body fins ; landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid September
Russia and China are blocking UN action. Can't imagine why they wouldn't support a democratic uprising...
Hospitals are going bankrupt for lack of patients
Cryptocurrency explained
On University Ave, above the old bakery
Starships on Mars
The economic prosperity that China has achieved is truly amazing, especially in infrastructure! I encourage people to visit and see for themselves.
Thanks, that would promote good public discourse
Yeah
sure
I really wanted to like it
busted
More about dealing with failure modes ; roll control
~9007mm
Looks fine. Take aspirin, call me in the morning.
Its not my money
Well do several short hops to smooth out launch process, then go high altitude with body flaps
So tempting
Well said, Brian Williams!
No, thats the other guy
SN5
Maybe August, not more than a few months
If we make all cars with FSD package self-driving, as planned, any such Tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
On Twitter, likes are rare ; criticism is brutal. So hardcore. Its great.
I like the new direction CNN is going tho
Haha true
Road, Hawthorne
I Asterix ; Obelix!
Frank Frazetta
Highly recommend anything by Sean Carroll
Sounds sensible
Actually, April th
Big expansion of beta program in to weeks!
Zach made a significant contribution to SpaceX ; is a friend. I wish him well as he tries something new.
Reading Look to Windward by Banks. He is an amazing writer. Pantheon level.
Was at Vandenberg today going over the upcoming next gen F9 rocket launch. Some tense days ahead
This is true power haha
All correct. Parachutes were originally the backup landing system, with SuperDraco thrusters as primary. Difficulty of proving thruster landing safety *and* architecture being suboptimal for moon/Mars caused us to change focus to parachutes.
Dieses Jahr
Thanks for all the happy birthday wishes!
Thanks for mentioning. Should be enabled on all loaner cars.
This is why we put extra filters in all Tesla cars. S ; X even have hospital operating room grade HEPA filters.
You can just take the aero inserts out of the standard wheel ; it looks pretty cool. We could offer that as an option at purchase.
Getting ready for flight of orbit-class Starship design
Fate loves irony
I'm neither anti-conservative nor anti-liberal. Just don't like group think. Ideas should be considered on their own merits.
Aiming for orbital flight by June
Thanks Michael. Beauty of over the air software updates is that the product keeps improving even after you buy it.
Thats the name of my new intergalactic media empire, exclamation point optional
Progress
Made on Earth by humans
Bloody hell, Im going to have to write a blog. Cant fit this into tweets.
Tropic Thunder is so good
Simulation is improving rendering resolution
Giant X made of Model X's by Tesla owners in China!
Bach is killing it on YouTube
Only when Y is in production
Dependent on proving high safety
Strange. , is it true that you are putting on analysts with such low ratings ; extremely bad prediction records? Are your viewers informed about an analysts track record before hearing their opinion.
Depends on regulatory approval, but hopefully end of next week
Well said!
London to Beijing Supercharger route
Yeah, that was a bit embarrassing High engine chamber pressure and ablative dont get along. Ok for low pressure, expendable upper stage.
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine
Call of Booty, great game
Its all about branding
Agreed
Im actually years old, but, at the risk of being immodest, I think I look good even for years! Still have my original chariot license in papyrus
I love Norway!
Ferragu is remarkably insightful
Thats when all life on Earth will be boiled off. What matters is how long civilization is capable of making the jump to Mars. This could be a very short period of time measured in decades. It took billion years to get to this point ; civilization isnt looking super stable.
Physics doesnt care about politicians
A Loop is like a Hyperloop, but without drawing a vacuum inside the tube. Dont need to get rid of air friction for short routes.
What is not well understood is that ULA *still* has a monopoly carve-out for US government launches for which SpaceX is not allowed to compete, costing the taxpayer twice as much per launch than it should. This is obviously not real competition.
Actually, its my neck
Good point. We do have torque reduction if an obstacle is detected, but active braking would be better. Prime directive is: do not crash.
We are ramping production as fast as possible. Wait should be closer to months though, not years.
To the best our knowledge, he never toured SpaceX. Dont know where that comes from.
Then the hell with science!
Cumulative Tesla Autopilot miles now at million
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
Thank you on behalf of the people of SpaceX!
Btw, more free East Coast Superchargers coming soon. Will allow lower initial charge, v high speed trip ; long detours, like NYTimes drive.
Working on it
Definitely header tanks ; nosecone on SN5, hopefully flaps too. Definitely flaps on SN6
If km works, then orbit
Colonizing Mars one mug at a time!
Youll see
Uh oh
Done
Ahem
It won't matter
Max Payne was great on many levels. Silent Hill good too.
Pretty much any moon or planet that has a solid or liquid surface
Owner account of a Model X severely impacted by a Yukon
Clearly, youre not reading my twitter
Yes, ending on Feb . Its adding too much cost to the cars, especially Model .
Price change is pushed to Thursday next week. Applies only to US for now. One week clock will start in other countries as beta is released. FSD monthly rental will also be available sometime next year.
Hypothetically, if they did make lots of electric cars, then they would be the leader
Rage, rage against the dying of the light
Super important for Doge fees to drop to make things like buying movie tix viable
Im pretty sure Tesla could do a much better autocorrect. The bar is so low haha.
Tesla will soon be offering a compelling means of upgrading a to a
Lucent Dossier in ; I think I saw in but didnt realize who it was until later
When you read double standard articles about Tesla, please ask why. Maybe theres a good reason that isnt obvious.
I wish. It's so annoying.
The mechanical attachment mechanism. We need to make sure they wont fall off due to vibration ; acoustics.
Its awesome
Some details on the Tesla air filtration system
Hardly anyone noticed, but still
We have reduced pricing on Model Y LR dual motor ; will offer a LR single motor Y in a few months, which improves affordability, while still keeping the product excellent
Relative to kerosene, methane is not prone to coking, but we would run v high purity anyway for max Isp.
Nothing will affect the future of humanity more than digital super-intelligence. Watch Chris Paines new AI movie for free until Sunday night at
Exactly
With FSD, we got stuck in a lot of local maximums, which wasnt clear until we hit the ceiling. This time, its right.
I'm just saying that u shouldn't pass judgment based on one night of passion. Sometimes things just happen and u go with the moment
Yes
Exactly. And you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
Just for a day
Thats not to say that Tesla people somewhere in the world are being overzealous ; possibly overstepping our core principles, which is why Im looking into it
Maybe
Will do. Probably at least a few days. Depends on whether we need to pull the turbopumps.
Static fire with Raptor hopefully later this week
Falcon flew perfectly!! Dragon in orbit, comm locked and solar arrays active!! Feels like a giant weight just came off my back
Check out . Build-your-own life size Egyptian pantheon merch coming soon.
Looking good so far. Should roll out this weekend.
Deluded, deranged, etc. Journalistic thesaurus sure got a lot of use last week ...
Sure
Thats arguably a security issue, but allowing companies to use other payment options, especially for in-app purchases would be fair. As soon as they allowed that, they would have to lower their fees. As for the cost of reviewing apps for security, a fixed fee makes sense.
Yes
Sure
We lost vehicle pneumatics. Reason unknown at present. Liquid oxygen header tank pressure is rising. Hopefully triggers burst disk to relieve pressure, otherwise its going to pop the cork.
Oh that would be fun. Will see.
Online
Happy Thanksgiving!!
The duty of a leader is to serve their people, not for the people to serve them
Starship Team
Exactly! Tesla knows far more about what needs to be done to be safe through our Tesla China factory experience than an (unelected) interim junior official in Alameda County.
Meant to say other forms of the cold, not influenza
Awesome moose sculpture!
Fun party guaranteed!
Black and textured slate versions will be
No it doesnt hurt at all
I mostly drive Model S Performance with dev version of FSD computer. Our new Raven powertain ; adaptive damping suspension is great! Next is Model P ; then X if driving with my kids. Acceleration is fun on tap!
Close
Asimovs Foundation books should def be part of the mission. Theyre amazing.
Sorry about that. You certainly should have been. Will get you guys in a car right away.
I am!
Amazing
Hopefully will happen this decade
Exactly
Tesla service team helps save a stray kitten that took refuge in a Model S. Nice work guys!
Woke James Bond SNL May
This seems increasingly likely
A Million Humans Could Live on Mars By the s via
Tesla Autopilot Drive on Navigation going to wide release in North America tonight
Are you sure Signal is secure?
Very much so. There are B cars ; trucks on Earth. Even replacing % of that fleet would require making M vehicles per year. Tesla will make over k cars in next months, but thats a mere % of M or % of global vehicle fleet. Car industry slow -&gt; demand &gt;&gt; supply.
It will start out slow to make sure there are no corner case issues and then, if that looks good, speed up next week. We def need to add a Request Latest Update feature!
Both satellites deployed on target. Now firing their ion thrusters to reach geo station over Europe ; Asia.
Starship Super Heavy with Raptors
Testing The Boring Company car elevator
Just figuring out the regulatory approval process
About right, but dangerously chuggy ; risking bad things at %. Well keep it above % for this flight.
The Internet is insane
Thanks
Long-term, its about coupling the collective will of humanity to AI. Short-term, its about improving the lives of those with brain or spine problems.
Es wurde mir in deutschland gegeben
Yes, we can fly Starship around space ; chomp up debris with the moving fairing door
Really makes me wanna buy Rice Krispies
Much of what people think of an science is actually engineering, eg no such thing as a rocket scientist, only rocket engineers. Latter is who put humans on the moon.
Frank ; Beans
Well said
Tunnels under cities with self-driving electric cars will feel like warp drive First operational tunnel under Vegas almost done The
So informative
Urf is so sml
Wringing water out of a towel in zero g is way trippy via
Interesting he stops at . Thats when you drove GM ; Chrysler into bankruptcy ; lost tens of thousands of jobs for people that counted on you.
Yeah, Model is designed to fit adults comfortably in both front ; rear seats at same time
FSD owners will get priority in the upload queue
Flesh without Blood ; Kill V Maim on Art Angels album
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear.
Thank you on behalf of the Tesla team. We look forward to building Giga Texas!
They have the best merkins
Just heard that Norway will ban new sales of fuel cars in . What an amazingly awesome country. You guys rock!!
Foundation Series ; Zeroth Law are fundamental to creation of SpaceX
Sounds sweaty
Found the source of the problem. The NASA database has the Falcon Block performance. Version currently in production and set to fly in a few months is Block . SpaceX GNC team is submitting updated numbers.
Well, I thought TLI might be upset about using their material without permission. Apparently not
Barrel on dome
Exactly!
Yeah, this saves a whole tap. Just swipe down for auto navigate.
Yes. There will be a lot of jobs on Mars!
Thanks
Its true, x is a toddler hodler. Never once has he said sell!
Haha, awesome
Tesla Semi truck unveil ; test ride tentatively scheduled for Oct th in Hawthorne. Worth seeing this beast in person. It's unreal.
Media report was false
Harbinger battle on L is tough
yes, within a region. Can't deliver to all regions simultaneously. Too much complexity.
So cool
Expanding the tour soon. So many cool things to see. Tesla car factory has rd largest footprint of any building on Earth. Maybe st if you include all our sweet tents
In solving for a good Mars climate, we will learn a great deal about how to do so on Earth. It is the inverse problem.
Model long range, rear wheel drive is still available for ordering off menu for another week or so
hours normally, but a lot less these days
I definitely dont do this minute thing. Need to have long uninterrupted times to think. Cant be creative otherwise.
Agreed. Also needs option for automatically on all locations or if unknown location.
Sorry, Drag Times is correct, Top Gear is wrong
This is a great idea
Almost forgot Sinclair ZX Spectrum ; Spectravideo before PC. Sinclair had amazing games, especially Elite.
Ok
Im honored to work with an amazing group of people at Tesla, but always happy to talk to an ace who might want to join
Need to deal with thrust asymmetry from flameout of an engine without forcing shutdown of opposing pair engine, which would double thrust loss. Also, thrust differential doesnt solve roll control well.
Im pretty sure Ive paid the most taxes of any individual ever to California, but it isnt obvious what is done with the money
Yes
Ironic indeed, as I was at one point going to do my PhD at Stanford on high energy density capacitors for use in electric vehicles. But lithium-ion has it covered. Even with no advances in lithium-ion technology, its possible to transition Earth to sustainable energy.
About to testify before Senate against ULA (Lockheed and Boeing) monopoly contract for national security launches
I dont know about long-term, but short-term we are seeing strong inflationary pressure
Youre right. These guys can buzzkill themselves (pun intended). Signing off
This will sound super obvious, but Genesis ; Oblivion
Raptor is going through many development tests. Merlin is doing acceptance tests, as the design is stable. Depending on how you count them, there are about engine stands operating in parallel.
Yes, they are!
Because a Tesla produces no emissions ; filters most toxins, pollen, spores ; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Given the almost unimaginable nature of the present, what will the future be?
Would be about times that cost for payload to surface of Mars
Spiral-winding is great for uniform thickness. We used that for the Hyperloop vacuum tunnel. However, Starship skin thickness will vary considerably according to loads.
They were neither valid nor pertinent. I will explain why on a primary Twitter thread.
Explains why there are so many cat videos
The Cape is one of the two Starship build sites. More on this later.
Fallout New Texas
To make core AP more affordable
This assumes completion of the b sales
Colonizing Mars one mug at a time!
Yes
Another way of saying were in a simulation
tambin te amo
From last year, but still my favorite video of the Falcon rocket booster returning from space
Its not boring
Whoa, that does look good!
Duplicates will be cancelled. Max of will be delivered to any one person. Only ~5% of orders are , so speculation unlikely.
Rococo basilisk
Gathering input this week, will begin taking action next week and let people know how they can help
We need to complete internal QA testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about weeks
Used to live in Silicon Valley, now I live in Silicone Valley
This doesnt seem right
Starship on the moon
This is because the first months of production are sold out
Yeah
Falcon was % of successful orbital launches in , but maybe a majority of payload to orbit. Anyone done the math?
When the b preprogrammed sales complete. There are still a few tranches left, but almost done.
The Age of Napoleon by Will ; Ariel Durant is an amazing book
Of course, you cant take that literally he meant the whole dairy industry
The way things are looking right now, the world will soon be flooded with excess ventilators. Even NY is giving them away!
Yup
Liked "Screw Business as Usual" a lot. This approach should be taken to heart by all, as it really is the smart move.
SpaceX announcement tomorrow at pm PST
Ahem well um
Looking forward to seeing Giga Shanghai soon Amazing work by Tesla China team ; support of authorities much appreciated!
Maybe this goat is available
Im at the factory a lot. Pretty good workout just walking around. Its big.
Strange though. Delta IV Heavy has half the payload of Falcon Heavy and the BO rocket doesnt exist yet.
It might. Am not sure.
Is there a longer edit I can post?
Falcon Heavy remains go for launch at :30pm on Tuesday
Yeah
We are literally a brain in a vat. The vat is your skull. Everything you think is real is an electrical signal. Feels so real though.
Addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
Lots of people I talked to on the production lines at Tesla or building rockets at SpaceX own Doge. They arent financial experts or Silicon Valley technologists. Thats why I decided to support Doge it felt like the peoples crypto.
All games in this thread are far scarier ; more creatively so than any horror movie
If temporary provisions in the Build Back Better Act become permanent, US national debt will increase by %!
Tesla comms is fixing. That was a mistake.
Vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. Sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly ; at high angle for landing. Larger nozzle leaves less room to move ; increases moment of inertia.
For sure
. copy
Happily for the victorious , he is indeed still far faster than Godot. Line-Storm comes closer to nipping at his heel (?), but Prufrock will make it a true nail-biter race!
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg Spa-Party heute!
bar is achievable, maybe even
Thanks. Starship, which aspires to be fully ; immediately reusable in super heavy class, is a truly . Even though Im immersed in Starship/Raptor design ; build days/week, it still doesnt feel real.
Might buy a Jack in the Box footstool
All great! Mel Brooks
Haha ok
Exactly
Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken. FH
Probably mid
Pretty much, but I think it may end on a high note
Yes, detailed review of the first orbital Starship, explaining the pros ; cons of each design decision
Rocket flight to m, hover ; return to launch pad (close shot from hexacopter drone)
Total market
Youre welcome. Thanks for your great photos!
Death Note
We could probably do that
thought I was posting Reuters. Copied the wrong link.
Its big
And so begins the robocalypse
This part is true. I was trying to explain that we dont want our cars to have a tinny sound.
At first, I thought that was a parrot
Yes
With pie
Starbase is moving at Warp
Just try one. It's way better than you think.
Congrats!
There is a chance of *all* species extinction due to expansion of the sun, unless humanity makes life multiplanetary
Hypocritical megadouche!
Final one: anything launched by a railgun (if you could ever reach ~ Mach ) would explode upon exiting the barrel in our dense atmosphere
Should mention that the battery cells used for this are Wh/kg vs for Model S. No short term supply constraint.
I have Goosebumps merch. Not sure how tbh.
Battle Angel Starship
Would be cool if we are backed up somehow
Sure
Cool, lmk what we can do to improve the product, especially vehicle software/firmware, app ; overall interaction with Tesla, as these changes can immediately improve the entire fleet
Yes
V much agree. Moreover, there is risk of severe non-linearities in feedback loops causing sudden warming.
Ship ; Booster , Starbase Highbay
We do have giant steel balls haha
No problem
Yes
Haha true
While others party, he study the blade
As usual for most things, building production system for Raptor is &gt;1000% harder than designing it
control of super powerful AI by a small number of humans is the most proximate concern
Running preproduction software is both work ; fun. Beta list was in stasis, as we had many known issues to fix. Beta addresses most known issues, but there will be unknown issues, so please be paranoid. Safety is always top priority at Tesla.
Thanks, this made a difference!
Individualized mass transit is the future
Will make that a setting
Looking into this. A fundamental premise of Tesla is that everyone is offered same terms at same time, ie what you get should never be a function of bargaining.
F9 thrust at liftoff will be raised to M lbf later this year. It is capable of M lbf in flight.
Glad youre ok
Considering
Vic -&gt; IBM PC
Yeah
Actual volume manufacturing, where cash in &gt; cash out, is so damn hard most people have no idea
All engines mounted to first orbital Starship
I didn't walk back anything, apart from media hype
Haha Buzz Corp made of buzzwords
Model S Plaid is sickkkk!!!!
That's why I'm a believer in solar power. We have a giant fusion reactor conveniently located in the sky.
Cybertruck option package
Back to work
Yup, we need to do that
Milady, my shield is yours
A car propelled by combustion is far more likely to combust than an electric car
We debated this, but there really is $10k gas saved by most owners over yrs (avg ownership period). Since it's true, we are sticking w it.
use buttons on left side of steering wheel
Weird that this actually happened. Music makes a big difference.
For some reason, I always loved this formula
Extremely high
Instead of research suggests, I suggest warlocks say
I try so hard with these jokes!
Cool
Needs improvement
True, but that's a minor factor for rockets
Validating a GPU driver fix and camera pitch angle health check for HW2
Simple explanation of polar moment of inertia ; other important car terms at
Very much so ; its leader shall be The Doge
It can play Cyberpunk
Thanks
Hey cryptocurrency experts, ever heard of PayPal? Its possible maybe that I know than you realize about how money works.
Were now building flight design of Starship SN1, but each SN will have at least minor improvements, at least through SN20 or so of Starship V1.0.
yep
For sure! When doing US govt crash safety testing, the Model S roof was so strong, it broke their testing machine.
If you just downloaded V8.1, tap the the T on center screen three times
Me too! He was so great. Loved Colbert Report too.
But is he playing it on Legendary difficulty?
Nope
No prior neuroscience background is required. This is primarily an electrical/electronic (chip design)/mechanical/software engineering problem for the Link itself ; the surgical robot.
Send me a note!
Thanks for helping fund a rocket ; spaceship that could take humanity beyond Earth!
Always
Sounds about right, but we want to be very careful with this transition period
Maybe something like this
Still cant believe how hard it was to get !
Marx vs Adam Smith -&gt; Adam Smith for the win. Not even close.
Roughly a week or two turnaround is all thats needed to meet max launch demand. Starship Super Heavy is designed for reflight in less than an hour.
We will support as best we can
Thanks
Will be sentient, of course
Most likely, but this is contingent upon NASA review ; approval
Of course
Dome to barrel weld made it to bar, which is pretty good as ~6 bar is needed for orbital flight. With more precise parts ; better welding conditions, we should reach ~8.5 bar, which is the factor of safety needed for crewed flight.
Timing is everything
Lifting lower section of Starship
Thanks Viv, you rock
Yup
Transparent aluminum (ALON) might be cool
Tru drat
Actually, I like ; use Apple products. They are just obviously overcharging with App Store. I mean % fees for doing almost zero incremental work is completely unreasonable. Epic wouldnt bother processing their own payments if App Store fees were fair.
Great article on Tesla-dealer battle by Leilani Munter (), who lives in NC
No
Turns out love video games ; snacks just like us!
Cool!
Dragonfire
Will be less roomy with vacuum rocket engines added
Its cool ; for sure can ; should be done, but I suspect its best case will be more costly than wind ; solar (aka big fusion reactor in sky)
This will be real in our lifetime
at least some of them
k Model orders by end of Sat
Ok
Biggest impediment to recognizing AI danger are those so convinced of their own intelligence they can't imagine anyone doing what they can't
Great Model X article by !
Thats next
I was dying to use the word sus
Id love to
Ok, will discuss with team
Sam Harris also wrote a nice piece on the awesomeness of Hitchens: May the good man RIP.
Definitely harder to land on a ship. Similar to an aircraft carrier vs land: much smaller target area, that's also translating ; rotating.
To activate the Model X holiday performance, just type holidays or ModelXmas after pressing the logo. Also, Mars.
Sick burn haha. Hopefully, next year.
damn, hoist on my own petard!
Tesla dual motor, all-wheel drive performance Model : sec -60mph mph Top Speed mile Range
Should be fully fixed within the next few days
Will try out this weekend. Maybe reality is just a series of nested simulations all the way down ...
Yes
Yup
The answer is always aliens
Yeah. That's been on the future feature list for a while. Need to make sure rain sensor doesn't false positive or drain battery.
Wow, American killed by other Americans since /11 vs only by muslim terrorists
Some challenges w rollout, as it contains software specially written for car owners in Norway ; Belgium
SN4 passed ambient pressure test
Great ad
For Treebeard
Will prob do something like that
These would be road tunnels for zero emissions vehicles only no toxic fumes is the key. Really, just an underground road, but limited to EVs (from all auto companies). This is not in place of other solutions, eg light rail, but supplemental to them.
Yes
Real issue will an aging ; declining world population by , *not* overpopulation. Randers estimate far more accurate than UN imo:
Letter from to DoD Inspector General questioning uncompeted space launch contract
If you dont want a Tesla, heres a list of all electric cars in North America via
Two weeks (actually)
Fun party guaranteed!
Latency will improve significantly soon. Bandwidth too.
Complexity is the devil. Words cant express how hard we are working on the Model production ramp ; trying to get to profitability. But well try.
I guess we read the instructions haha
At last!
Launching third flight of this Dragon spacecraft to tomorrow
I wanna know when AI will be able to do standup comedy well!?
Doge
If we need to tweak sat orientation to minimize solar reflection during critical astronomical experiments, thats easily done. Most orbital objects are close to Earth btw, as shown by this NASA density map.
SN4 soon. Raptor looks so sml.
Yo
Yeah, Top Gear pretended the Tesla Roadster ran out of charge and they had to push it home. Logs showed miles range left.
Perhaps one of the invited artists choosing to play. There will be no obligation to do so.
Of course! (Prav)Duh. It is named after the most pernicious propaganda machine in history specifically to highlight what we want to avoid. Its called satire
Partial list of hospitals to which Tesla sent ventilators
Toss a bitcoin to ur Witcher
Maybe the upcoming IAC in Adelaide
Special Circumstances
Only costs that actually apply to Q3 ; beyond will be counted. It would not be correct to apply historical cost savings to current quarter.
All Falcon Heavy cores should be at the Cape in two to three months, so launch should happen a month after that
Definitely. Looks lame anyway.
We will soon make these real
It's a good one
US clean energy incentive drops by % on Jan , so orders must be received by roughly Nov to be installed in time
Tesla always pays its debts
Literally never seen it even once
The simplest solution is not necessarily the most satisfying
I am selling almost all physical possessions. Will own no house.
e^ + =
That would be cool. Surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
You are correct. This is a substantial underpayment compared to what ULA has received.
Tesla has an option to purchase this land, but has not exercised it
Hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
Machine learning is so amaze!
The results speak for themselves. Singapore is a very prosperous city and yet has very few electric cars.
Yes
Ok fine
No, I just think youre a boring idiot
Just reviewed Teslas service locations in North America ; realized we have major gaps in geographic coverage! Sorry for this foolish oversight. Tesla will aim to cover all regions of NA (not just big cities) within to months.
Turbo Pascal
Exactly
Tesla will manufacture all battery modules ; packs at China Giga, as we do today in California ; Nevada. Cell production will be sourced locally, most likely from several companies (incl Pana), in order to meet demand in a timely manner.
Completely agree
Well said, Dave!
L'Ambroisie, Place des Vosges
Absolutely
The people have spoken
Completing feed system for Raptor rocket engines on Super Heavy Booster
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
Same goes for digital super intelligence denial
Beautiful solar sail
I havent cross-checked RCS pulses with the MLI dimpling on the video, but its most likely the cause
Just order the SpaceX option package!
Maybe there should be providers for Chicago advanced transit. Monopolies are so boring ...
Good question!
Article on and colonizing Mars by
AWD ; white interior in July. Air suspension prob later. Note, thats when we *start* making them. Cant instantly fill all orders. Will take + months to do so.
Usually true. We need more sane and reasonable people making their voice heard.
Dont wanna brag but was me
Sprockets was amazing
New UAW slogan: Fighting for their right to steal money from workers!
We def need racing game using actual car steering wheel ; pedals!
That is my gaming laptop, which has never had a sticker until now
Will check with our cat, Schrdinger, but I dont think shes going to like it
This product may appear simple, but actually *very* difficult to get right
Very early on, we had the ability to use the car as a battery outputting power. Maybe worth revisiting that.
Guaranteed to be Flamethrower-proof!
wtf
Tesla Model S Plaid delivery event June at our California factory Fastest production car ever to mph in under secs
Agreed, its a small, but important, feature
Just because he has a flamethrower and I have a flamethrower doesnt mean um ok fine Im Hank Scorpio
Only very high resolution radar is relevant
Thanks Jon!
Thanks George!
Shanghai Giga output is just for greater China, not North America. Affordable cars must be made on same continent as customers.
Ok
Tesla Car Karaoke hopefully ready in OTA software update version . Just played Missile Command, Asteroids ; Lunar Lander in V9. Really fun!
An area much larger than Boca Chica
Varies per person, but about sustained, peaking above at times. Pain level increases exponentially above .
Black Mirror
That is not the production wiper
Comes with wireless charging baseball cap
Monty Python ; Mel Brooks are my all-time favorites
SN4 is done. Hawthorne is working on SN5 now, but focus is ramping build rate of SN6 through SN10.
My chariot license is made of papyrus!
Open the Knaack HAL
e^ln() =
A lot of people whose judgment I respect have suggested this. Sounds like a good idea. Will do so after Model production reaches k/week steady.
Hard to appreciate how much Tesla Autopilot improves enjoyment of driving until you try it
Very different computers are needed for training vs inference. FSD is mostly Int8, but Dojo is de facto FP32 (feels like FP32, but actually FP16 with boring bits truncated) so we dont need to rewrite all the training software. It should work almost immediately.
Better resolution
Absolutely
Minus the lifts
Syd Mead
Read it. Like the green, translucent Martian opal?
Horizontally
I got the fuel cell question about times
Sorry, meant to say same timeframe as hardware
Gonna build that tunnel one hat at a time
Haha
Just received docking clearance from . Will begin orbital maneuvers to Space Station at pm Pacific time.
Because Twitter is fun
Lets just skip original video games ; movies ; go straight to the sequel
However, even if it were flights with docking, this is not a problem. SpaceX did more than orbital flights in first half of ; has docked with Station (much harder than docking with our own ship) over times.
Feels like a show ; tell weekend. I wonder what the cat dragged in
The first tunnel is almost done
The Tesla FSD computer started shipping in volume in Q2 . cars should all have FSD computers, whether or not ordered as an option.
Most likely, imo, we will see a significant reduction in the confirmed C19 case growth rate this week. Follow chart at bottom of this CDC page:
Ok
There is GWh/yr theoretical capacity, but actual max output is ~2/3. It was physically impossible to make more Model s in Q1 due to cell constraints.
Great game
Personally, I think we should
Definitely
Thank you, Tesla is most honored!
Feeling Lucky (Google tribute!) or Hungry are % intended for max enjoyment of Tesla owner. If location has destination chargers, thats a plus, but car should only route there if location is great. This will be hit ; miss initially, but should hone towards excellent over time.
Congratulations to LA Times and Patrick Soon-Shiong!
if you can help get rid of the annoying scam spammers, that would be much appreciated
SpaceX software engineering is doing an AMA on Reddit
Planning on a simplifying mod to Raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to mT level
True, more for parking at destination. Really needs to fit in same external envelope as a full-size SUV, but with better height control with air suspension, so it can fit in low clearance parking garages.
Raptor is *very* complex, even for a staged combustion engine. Were simplifying as much as possible with each iteration. Throttling down to ~50% is hard, but manageable. Going to % would be extremely tough, but hopefully not needed.
If theres ever a scandal about me, *please* call it Elongate
Je ne regrette Etienne
Yeah, briefly. Seems pretty good. I picked Nomad, so start was a little slow, but picks up fast. Seemed like almost everyone on Steam was playing Cyberpunk at some point this weekend!
Area of Area
Yeah, engineering is ~90% of my time at SpaceX ; about ~60% at Tesla
Tesla is on second rev of internal ventilator design. Will post an update on this tomorrow.
Spaceballs
Fear the memesphere
Wow, its been years since we started at Boca!
Thank you for fighting climate change. This affects every living creature on Earth.
Thats hardcore
It will soon capture turn signals, hazards, ambulance/police lights ; even hand gestures
Yes, establishing charging and service infrastructure in Mexico now. Official launch in next several months.
-bit floating point?
Yes
Interesting idea
Yes
Ive always thought that the fundamental good of Tesla should be measured by the number of years by which it accelerates the transition to sustainable transport ; energy
Maybe /4 to /2 of what happened. No one at Tesla thought it would be this high before part of the unveil.
In case its not already obvious, our product plan is basically stolen from Spaceballs
No kidding
No, but dual motors mean increased regen braking ; will ride tire traction limit. You wont notice sport brakes unless youre on a racetrack ; have the sticky tires.
Coming soon
Just battery day, but it will be great. Plaid powertrain will be later this year.
Toss a coin to ur Witcher
Going through all aspects of next gen Model Y production system with team. Lot of talented people at Giga Berlin. This place will rock!
The pumps I saw were running v high flow rate all the way from cave . They stopped shortly after boys were rescued ; water level rose to roof level all way back to cave . That was great work.
Sure, I have a ton
I appreciate the kind words in the article, but, judging by the picture mods, it looks your Photoshop bill was very high.
Dragon code is written in C++ on Linux.
Impressive
Yes
To air is human
Looks like engine had issues on ascent ; didnt reach operating chamber pressure during landing burn, but, in theory, it wasnt needed. Something significant happened shortly after landing burn start. Should know what it was once we can examine the bits later today.
Seems to be glitch where tweet to which I replied isnt showing up, removing context. A journo said polls are meaningless because controlled by powerful people ; my response was that powerful people also own media. Thus, if you discount polls, you should also discount media.
Stop by The Petersen is youd like to see Cybertruck irl! Lots of awesome cars ; bikes there. Definitely worth seeing with or without Cybertruck.
Tiny robots with lasers
Converts about million tons of mass to energy every second
Haha
Youd need millions of zombies for a so-called apocalypse anyway. Where would I even get a factory big enough to make so many!?
Yeah
Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
Giga Berlin will help a lot
Screen cap from the stern cam of droneship "Of Course I Still Love You"
To be clear, Im a big fan of MKBHD, but this is an important clarification
Belief in climate change isn't necessary. Even a small probability of a severe outcome justifies a carbon tax.
Dont know enough about Georges company, but it sounds like hes focused on a machine vision approach, which is the only general solution imo
Sounds about right
Fair criticism, but were fixing it fast. Hackathon going on right now to fix worst robot production chokepoints. Looks promising.
Order must occur before Feb
Its not turned on. Meant for vandalism monitoring in a robotaxi future. Also, the car has transparent windows, so spying has limited value.
Will visit IRS next time Im in DC just to say hi, since I paid the most taxes ever in history for an individual last year. Maybe I can have a cookie or something
Wouldnt read too much into this. Likely to be fewer F9/FH flights, but possibly an order of magnitude more than these numbers in Starship flights.
Monthly subscription price will rise when FSD goes to wide release
Thanks for taking delivery in your garage! Let us know if theres anything else you need.
Fundamentally, Atlas is still dependent on Russia to launch
Good skit by Henri, Le Chat Noir. Camus in cat form!
But yes
: The universe is prob littered w/ the -planet graves of cultures which made the sensible economic
It can tow far more than rated capacity
Should work everywhere for global maritime by roughly middle of next year (enough sats with laser links launched). Until then, it will be patchy when far from land.
Human overseen at first, then fully self-driving
They should double down on insanity of Cats. Right move.
Probably a month or two. Sentry mode became top priority, so pushed that out a bit.
The laws need to change. Judges are responsible for evaluating whether an action breaks the law, not making law.
Good for Germany!
Exactly. Tesla is absurdly overvalued if based on the past, but that's irrelevant. A stock price represents risk-adjusted future cash flows.
Hopefully, Starship will have enough flight history to substitute for Dragon for NASA missions too
Thats correct. Essentially controlled falling, like a skydiver.
Falcon piercing the sound barrier on reentry
Global economy of $100T is overwhelmingly fossil fuel based, so IMF estimate of $5T or % for carbon subsidy is def right order of magnitude
Indeed
Congrats Tesla Team U ROK!!
This build should be noticeably better with interventions
So long as the tunnels are spaced about one diameter apart, most of the stress will flow around them, but this wont matter for the first few layers
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging
I love Banks. Best books in recent years imo are Iain Banks ; George Martin.
First point release update expected to go out this weekend
Turns out they mostly press the letter s ; on the typewriter
Tesla China has done amazing work
Sounds cool. Where are the trees being planted ; what kind of trees?
They have the best merkins
We will give away all our ventilators, whether we buy them or build them
Ancient times
Ok
Sheer luck
New fins
Review of Model S Plaid by Dan Neil
Yeah
Physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
How about predictions for ?
looks like sentient choc ice cream
AF certification required an enormous amount of work. Its mostly design-review based, not flight-based.
M Night should do a horror movie about this it would resonate
The Nutcracker is tho
Yeah, had great Poutine in Montreal. Does feel like your life expectancy is dropping in real-time as you eat it, but awesome nonetheless.
Obviously, this would negatively affect Tesla, but sustainable energy solutions simply cannot react instantaneously to make up for Russian oil ; gas exports.
Awesome!!
Lookin good
Honestly I woulda clicked it
No, its better
And, of course, you can pay in oge
Theres some of that too
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Tesla Supercharger capacity will double by end of next year. Expect to be within range of % to % of population in all active markets.
Godspeed!
Product &gt; Marketing
An orbital propellant depot optimized for cryogenic storage probably makes sense long-term
Proceeding with countdown today, weather cancellation risk ~50%
What city ; what Model config?
Yeah. By default, engine with least lever arm would shut down if all are good.
An early season episode of the Tesla soap opera!
Yup
Technically, Ironyman
Physics is simply the search for truth. Nothing is more rigorous.
Thanks for the kind bday wishes!
Sure
Same
We could add that function pretty easily from a technical standpoint. Just need to add in the billing software.
Tesla Model S Plaid just set official world speed record for a production electric car at Nurburgring. Completely unmodified, directly from factory.
Empty article?
Yes
Deaths continue to trend down
Maybe
Me
Nice shot
Felt I had done enough on the Internet (Zip2 ; PayPal) that my work would be useful to others. Needed to get going on accelerating sustainable energy ; making life multiplanetary.
Agreed, although best is no out of service stalls
Belfast is beautiful
Will get back to Autopilot update blog tomorrow.
Well, we have said many times that the price will rise as the product functionality improves. How much time do you think we should give?
SN2 tank integration starts this week with much less circumferential pucker. Thanks Fronius!
Good campaign
In general, we overfit to SF Bay Area
First firing of Starship Raptor flight engine! So proud of great work by team!!
Yes
Exactly MT " IMHO: continuing the uncontrolled experiment of adding co2 to atmosphere is a bad idea.
Thanks! Everything we make on the expensive cars goes into developing more affordable cars.
People who dont create products ; services dont realize that it takes hard work to produce products ; services
M Doge
High bay should be finished (except for the giant gantry crane) within a few weeks. Super Heavy stacking should begin around then.
Yes, they run at *much* higher pressure, but lower temperature. Thermal shock ; strain are what fatigue Merlin turbine blades. Solvable for high reusability, but better to apply that engineering to Raptor.
Thanks! Looks cool.
Coal-mining CEO: 'Tesla is a fraud' via
Were almost there
Strong incentive to make up ; promote negative news
That would be cool!
Ok
Hopefully, early next week. Results from limited release look good so far. Trying our best to be super careful.
Working on Starship
You are right. Going at max speed. Not much time left.
Test flight of Falcon -R with deployable grid fins for better hypersonic thru subsonic control
Looks like we might be ready to rollout most of Autopilot functionality for HW2 towards the end of next week
The Super Heavy booster is only needed on Earth, so think of this as just Starship ; sometimes it needs a boost, hence Super Heavy
Thanks for letting me know. Will be fixed soon.
Nice
It's just a helicopter in helicopter's clothing
Birds are a myth
Ok
Wutf
Good primer on the exponential advancement of technology, particularly AI
Yeah, definitely one of my favorite names
Truth is stranger than fiction
The Model S produced today is arguably version . Let me put it this way: it is the car I will keep driving even after Model arrives.
lol
It is so hard to move in armor!
Hard drive industry is hardcore. They build &gt;100 million units per year with extreme precision ; brutal economics. Great background.
Stop posting my password on twitter!
It could land on Venus no problem, but would last maybe a few hours. Tough local environment.
Thanks!
Ok u can have a little emerald
Vote them out
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Seeing B pillar (diagonal fwd) ; side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. We can enable access to these views. Also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
Internal camera isnt used yet (meant for robotaxi), but thats a good idea
Took me an embarrassingly long time to learn that
Btw, credit for The Boring Company name goes to
Soon, SpaceX will launch astronauts to !
We are so fluffy compared to a neutron star
Fair point
Speed solves everything
Thats the idea
Technically, data packets do not need to touch regular Internet data can flow from user terminal to satellite/s to user terminal
Thanks for recognizing the great work of the Tesla team! people now.
Its artificial
Wearing black not recommended
Autopilot prime directive is: dont crash. What seems fast to humans is slow to a computer. degree low light vision ; sonar, plus forward radar enable to be superhuman. Upcoming software upgrades will increasingly show the potential.
Great band, too bad they broke up
SN15 rolls to launch pad in a few days. It has hundreds of design improvements across structures, avionics/software ; engine. Hopefully, one of those improvements covers this problem. If not, then retrofit will add a few more days.
A la guerre comme la guerre
This is false. I have never introduced either of them to anyone.
Would like to clarify that Tesla is working exclusively with Panasonic for Model cells. News articles claiming otherwise are incorrect.
yes
Hard to hide anything from the Internet! Yeah, were going to reuse much of the thrust section.
Doesnt quite illustrate true size difference. Starship payload volume ; mass are &gt;1000% that of Shuttle.
Not sure. I let know, but its still going. I literally own zero cryptocurrency, apart from .25 BTC that a friend sent me many years ago.
Looks like body slam, maybe from a self-generated wave
Moonlight Sonata
Not only that, it has all the wifis and G is coming soon
It will enable video when parked ; connected to WiFi. All Tesla Superchargers will have free WiFi over time.
No
Falcon piercing the sound barrier on reentry
Reviewing overall system with vehicle engineering team next week. Should have number then.
They used to have butt bellows for blowing smoke up your along the Thames River in London
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Am donating $20M to Cameron County schools ; $10M to City of Brownsville for downtown revitalization. Details to follow next week.
I thought was peak insanity, but is % more insane!
Since Raptor produces tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. However, Raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
For now, we only use those on super hot reentry missions. Will go to all Ti with Falcon V5, which is a few months away.
Looks like snoopy
The day FSD goes to wide release will be one of the biggest asset value increases in history
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live.
Ok sure
Yes
Wow, thats a lot of podcasts! Ok, I will do one. Maybe we could combine with Dave Lee and a few others.
If Jamis needs help, he has many friends, me among them
It's an aluminum honeycomb cartridge, so only a couple of hours to replace
Tesla West Coast Supercharger network now energized. Travel from Vancouver to Tijuana in styel!
Now, if I can just figure out how to attach those to a really big shark ...
Mostly accurate and fun movie about Mars. Worth seeing.
Boring Co is launching a whole product line of DIY watchtowers. You get bricks ; a picture.
That last bit gives a good sense of what orbit is like
Probably mph or km/h
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha.
siq burn, Gary, siq burn
Congrats SpaceX team!!
years later, games are photo-realistic D worlds. What does that trend continuing imply about our reality?
Irrational is such a funny word to describe numbers
Tesla Model X is rd most searched term on Google, right after purple squirrel. Damn you squirrel!
Where this breaks down is in passive index funds, which constitute most of the market. The holders of those funds, mostly small investors ; retirement funds, dont realize that their stocks are being lent to short sellers, diminishing their true equity return.
Cool, I'm glad you like it!
Nice
Its a prototype of the color
It is a very impressive history
Spartas reply to Macedon
Moon first, Mars as soon as the planets align
Tesla history trivia: we didnt actually come up with the Tesla Motors name. Bought trademark off Brad Siewert for $75k in late . Hed originally filed for it in . Our alternative name was Faraday, which was used by a competitor several years later.
I sure hope so! This will inspire the world ; get people excited about the future, just as Apollo did. It wasnt just that a few people went to the moon, they went there for all humankind.
TSLA down ~$500M Friday, but back up ~$500M today. Sorry for the roller coaster.
FSD/AI team is doing great work. Will get superhuman good in upcoming releases. Note, we will slow down upload rate of releases going forward. First from QA fleet to employee cars for a day, then slowly releasing at ~1000 cars/hr to external beta on Friday aft.
My donations are anonymous
Apart from failing to quarantine elderly/at-risk people early (a mistake they recognize), they were right
Starship m test tank made bar at room temp! Small leak at a weld doubler. Will be repaired ; retested at cryo.
Brownsville is quite far south, so probably months or so for good connectivity needs several more Starlink launches. Im using it at the little house I rent in the area. Definitely not good there yet.
Sorry, its been a bit of a struggle. Software team has been working all weekend to resolve last minute issues. Hopefully starts rolling out tonight.
Their negative gross margin will be staggering
. support for reusability with high reliability, the critical breakthrough for orbital rockets, has made a big difference
The government has the most money by far. They talk in trillions.
Almost all coverage back then said hydrogen fuel cells would destroy electric cars ; autonomy was between years ; never
Basically, just a footnote
High pain tolerance
Great work by SpaceX valve engineering ; production!
Stop hashtagging me
Hexacopter drone vid of st F9 rocket booster takeoff ; landing w flight design legs
Prob wise for version to have legs or we will frag a lot of launch pads
Vera Rubin Observatory is cool
Service center expansion is at max speed, so yes
There will be a subscription, but it will be economically better to have bought FSD
And I am forever grateful
Won't happen. Reason initial cars are delivered close to factory is to have rapid turnaround on early issues.
Full height of Falcon boost stage on legs is ~165 ft
Good one
Message received
Physics favors full flow
I read a story about a father whose son died incredibly quickly. Can be as little as half an hour in hot sun.
Absolutely. Long-lasting art is incredibly difficult.
Two tunnels about a mile long each
Yeah, would be great to get feedback from Tesla supporters
Indeed, this is intended to be useful advice, based on my extremely painful experience, not an attack in any way
some places are trickier than others, but yes. That's the value of having a PICA-3 heat shield with propulsive landing.
Dojo uses our own chips ; a computer architecture optimized for neural net training, not a GPU cluster. Could be wrong, but I think it will be best in world.
The true battle is between fiat ; crypto. On balance, I support the latter.
Current production is LTE. Can be upgraded by service.
In general, this is something Tesla should do
Actually, Model would beat the Taycan on Nrburgring over multiple laps, as it has more range
But not an extendable nozzle though, as that just saves length. Nozzle diameter is limited by body diameter.
I was an alien
The Boring Company will be using dirt from tunnel digging to create bricks for low cost housing
thanks Loic
Last launch aborted due to slightly high power. Possibly, but not obviously, related to today. This vehicle has seen a lot of wear, so today isnt a big surprise. Life leader rockets are used only for internal missions. Wont risk non-SpaceX satellites.
I think so
Cool
Meteor!!
Just a few mins, which is mostly accelerating ; decelerating
One click to order solar ; save ~$500/year in utility bills with no long-term contract (cancel anytime)
VR Twitter with avatars saying the mentions
Tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. Makes both environmental ; economic sense. Please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
Yeah, gave everything I had to Tesla in Dec
Could turn out to be one big Philip K Dick joke in the end
True
The arguments journos are using against the public are word for word the same arguments despots use against democracy
Exactly!
As a thank you to Tesla short sellers, we named a after them haha
Yes, for now
Million tons to Mars requires R R R
Maybe reality is a Rick ; Morty episode
Um, while awesome in its own way, that was not actually the SpaceX theme song. It seems that irony is sometimes lost in a tweet.
You got it
Ahem starting soon
probably end of year
Perhaps. I am in favor of fair, simple taxes that are neutral on most things, incent good ; disincent bad.
As backdrops go, this is a good one
Cool that this is happening on many fronts. Looks like a good design by .
Just bought oh yeah
The Nude Scientist
Might be an indoor/outdoor rave space on the roof
Its absurdly large
k Cybertruck orders so far, with % choosing dual, % tri ; % single motor
This is based on an incorrect Electrek article. The Air Force asked me to speak at a startup conference called Pitch Day ; I happened to mention Cybertruck. They dont buy APCs. Its the Air Force.
By the way, Tesla factory worker compensation is the highest in the auto industry
True
Warning, this presentation is hrs ; mins long
Maybe some good people from those orgs who would join
Essentially
Youre most welcome, glad I could be helpful! Thanks for letting me know about it.
Its fine, well just buff it out
Star Light, Star Bright
Will Dojo to be the difference
Over Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
Tough choice so many great movies but Spaceballs for me
New top speed of km/h!!
There will be a few tweaks before production
The $1400 is mostly good imo (UBI lite), as the people get to choose how the money is spent, but the rest is mostly net bad for the people as a whole (though it is obviously characterized otherwise).
The reason the Bernstein question about CapEx was boneheaded was that it had already been answered in the headline of the Q1 newsletter he received beforehand, along with details in the body of the letter
Krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every mins
yes, comes with each car
Dogs rock
Tesla team did a great job!
Yes, just costs a few thousand dollars ; is more complex than a board swap. Bunch of connectors ; antennas need to change. We can improve the speed a little with software optimization, which might be enough.
Cool
Its a tough one. Thats why we should expand the scope ; scale of consciousness to understand the nature of the Universe.
Oberth effect is not well appreciated. Value of high thrust low in gravity well is not captured in simple delta-v equation. One of the reasons we favor CH4 over H2.
But sooo satisfying
Were going to have to push out the date or attendance will be very low. Maybe do in two parts: webcast next month ; in-person event a few months later?
Hes a good guy
needs latest update
Meaning less than a century. But this would be pretty intense.
How about being able to look through any of the cameras?
That said, even though they cause me grief, I would defend the right of shorts to exist. They are often unreasonably maligned.
Open your eyes, look up to the skies
Space
Several UI improvements across the board in (next few weeks) and in Dec
will do
The danger is def high for South Korea, due to proximity, but much less for distant targets like the US. SK anti-missile tech is excellent.
Yeah, weve been working on curbs a *lot*. Concrete seams too. So glamorous.
I wish
Yes, to months
Problem is journos are under constant pressure to get max clicks ; earn advertising dollars or get fired. Tricky situation, as Tesla doesnt advertise, but fossil fuel companies ; gas/diesel car companies are among worlds biggest advertisers.
On it now
Normally, competitive pressure would force Apple to lower fees, but Apple ; Android have a duopoly on phones. When interface familiarity is taken into account, its basically a monopoly. The effective % sales tax Apple charges is hidden from users or there would be an outcry.
Launch underway
Flight computers continued transmitting for seconds after reaching the water. Stopped when booster went horizontal.
Cybertruck unveil Thursday night
It was super good
propellant grade kerosene (basically, jet fuel) ; liquid oxygen are close, but H2 ; O2 are not
Dogecoin value may vary
Yeah
PG;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next years!
Ok, will discuss with team
Yes
I am in awe of Sweden
Minecraft has amazing legs
High reflectivity minimizes photonic heating, high emissivity minimizes particle heating. No need to radiate heat away if you arent hot in the first place. Also, as metal heats up to yellow/red/white, it stops being reflective.
Maybe interesting to work with Daimler/Mercedes on an electric Sprinter. Thats a great van. We will inquire.
Never seen anything like it. Tesla is just trying to make electric cars ; solar power for a better future for all. True, we might not succeed, but why do they want us to fail?
yes
SN2 has changes that should help
Thoughtful model
Exactly. And NYT could have anyone post an Op Ed. Why, of all people, are they choosing to publish this non-journalist who is also pro gasoline cars? Is this just published as counterpoint? I assume NYT does believe in climate change?
Assert (Money == Series of heterogeneous databases insecurely connected with high latency. Primary purpose == Information system for allocation of human time. As automation++, value of money--);
A classic
Not yet. They should just post their transaction ledger. Must be somewhere.
Totally agree. Am told this will be fixed by Thurs, maybe Fri.
They were sent to me by multiple people on the Internet. I dont use Facebook.
Sure hope so
A know a thing or two about payments
Unfortunately, its hard to google Tesla solar links due to tons of ads ; SEO. Go to to add solar to an existing roof ; for a new roof with integrated solar.
Looks like thrust was low on of landing engines. High g landings v sensitive to all engines operating at max.
This article is wildly incorrect about lithium battery costs by a factor of or more presently ; X long-term
Last year, Japan had ~800k births ; life expectancy is years (impressively high!), implying future population of only M, dropping almost half from current population of M. Thats a lot of ghost towns ; cities.
Do EV owners use V to G a lot in Australia?
Were building out Superchargers as fast as possible! Need to ramp V3 Supercharger production.
Looking forward to it. I know it's cliche, but LotR is my favorite book ever Want to see the set and take my kids on tour of greater NZ.
nope, it wasn't me
No use arguing with chimp. Youre blocked.
Boring, it's what we do
Haha
Yup, were just ironing out a few bugs
Apollo
Bureaucracy is inherently kafkaesque
No, Raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
thank goodness its not November
On annual camping trip w kids. Trying a place just south of Carmel in California this year.
Exactly. Mars propellant production will combine atmospheric CO2 ; water (ice) to make CH4 (methane) ; O2. Will do same on Earth long-term. Short-term, each Falcon flight uses roughly same fuel mass as a flight. Falcon is ~71% oxygen ; Starship is ~78%, so mostly not fuel.
Thursday pm
From my Mom: every time I use irony, I lose a friend
This makes no sense for many other reasons too. They dont actually have spectrum priority, they have shared spectrum ; nothing about this company is UK, except post office box. Money would be better spent on actual UK satellite industry!
Dont look here!
Yes, no upgrades planned for F9. Minor tweaks to improve reliability only, provided NASA ; USAF are supportive.
Thats actually kinda true
I have a feeling that the gerrymandering will not work as well as they think
Besides ensuring the continuance of life, creating a base on Mars would be the most exciting adventure ever!
They were amazing
Personally, I think the universe looks great for billion years, let alone
Glad youre ok
Am reading a great biography of Ben Franklin by Isaacson. Highly recommended.
Scientists: Earth Endangered by New Strain of Fact-Resistant Humans via
mT to mT for true useful load to useful orbit (eg Starlink mission), including propellant reserves. mT for reference payload compared to other rockets. This is in fully reusable config. About double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
Pretty wild
City of Chicago already approached us about doing a high speed tunnel from O'Hare to downtown. They've been great.
Cybertruck
True
Demand is no problem, but near-term cell supply makes it hard to scale Semi. This limitation will be less onerous next year.
Maximum set of possible future actions
The degree to which SolarGlass will positively effect the esthetics ; energy sustainability of neighborhoods throughout the world is not yet well appreciated. This is a very important product.
Red car for a red planet
Ive thought about and Im not sorry for party rocking
If I send you Doge, will you promise to send me Doge?
Always loved those Empire State photos with people eating lunch out on the beam
Love original Deus Ex! That would be awesome.
This a good path, but I recommend aiming for full reusability
My twitter feed rn
Not at first, but there are many third party options for wrapping
I love dogs ; memes
His ideas sound sensible, but he was not my or SpaceXs brain coach. I think he maybe gave a talk once.
Don't know about "dark manipulators", but Adbusters played a major role in creating Occupy
Interesting
Sure
These do seem like wise words
That journey will have a diff age rating
It will most likely make sense for Starlink to go public once the revenue growth is reasonably predictable
Additive manufacturing of parts is still far too costly for cars, but can rapidly create tooling to accelerate pace of innovation. Its already sensible for rocket engine parts. To the best of our knowledge, SpaceX is or years ahead of other companies in use of additive.
Twitter thought I got hacked ; locked my account haha
For the remainder of September, Tesla is permanently waiving the $1500 solar removal fee requirement. Note, the ability to stop monthly payments at any time remains.
Tesla is sometimes criticized for government support, but all US car companies (plus some non) got loans and only Tesla has paid its back
Something like this
SpaceX/Tesla metallurgy ; new materials team is next-level
Big challenge for Starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. Probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. Same goes for hydrogen ; oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
Battery storage of solar power needed for night operation ; to buffer grid during day. Beta projects are going well.
Am basically doing continuous AMA on Twitter!
Falcon lifting off with mmmillion pounds of force
It is about % too small, but lots of fun
Were closing the loop on Autobahn driving. Will improve dramatically in coming months. Ultra gemtlich.
I sure hope so!
Sure
Will post a video of the latest Grasshopper flight tomorrow (taken from the camera on our new hexacopter).
Should be ~5% peak power increase with March software release
Just wish they would stop sticking pins in voodoo dolls of me. That hurts, ok?
Respawn++
If some company has solved a useful thing that we can just buy, that would be great! Its so much work to create our own tech. We develop new tech, because we have to, not because we want to.
Sorry to hear that. Will take care of this ; investigate to see if issues you encountered are systemic.
Oh. They have nice pictures there.
I told you it was verbose. Better tomorrow
It might be used in some areas. ITAR laws prevent us from being too specific about solutions.
Boring machine segments have been lowered into the starter tunnel. Going through final assembly.
This is definitely worth thoughtful debate. What might we do differently to improve human/life happiness?
Welcome to the Tesla board! Honored to have you.
Will be in next point release
Yeah
Yes
I personally like the seat best, but the new allows the entire back to fold flat. A small family could camp there!
It is not
Acid test for new interface is use it for weeks ; see if you still want old version. After using yoke for few weeks, I didnt want wheel.
Great article by . Important to note max temp record. Too much attention on avg temp. Max matters most
Deus ex machine learning
Should drive temp to target. Why fan speed on app?
Why dont we have these already!?
Sentry Mode (and Dog Mode) roll out next week
Out on LZ-1. We just completed the post-landing inspection and all systems look good. Ready to fly again.
Production, supply chain ; logistics are so hard!
Looks pretty cool
And hopefully EU this summer
True. And once they were on the call, I should have answered their questions live. It was foolish of me to ignore them.
Good points. Will add to feature list.
Fair point, PyTorch is great!
srsly
Yeah. Display will also soon render Teslas specifically as their model ; color instead of as a generic sedan/SUV. Has potential for a fun punch buggy sort of game.
No problem
Yup
. You stated publicly that you see eye to eye with Chanos, the most prominent short-seller of Tesla. Have you ever provided him with material non-public information about Tesla?
Probably /4 to /2 of that capacity would be for stationary storage
Working on it
Beautiful
The whole nose tip has to have heat shielding for atmospheric entry at Mach + anyway, so is effectively already insulated well in orbit
Goods ; services are the real economy, any form of money is simply the accounting thereof
Dream come true
Each flamethrower comes with a state-of-the-art The Boring Company brand fire extinguisher. Will offer a TBC ice blaster before the dry season starts in winter.
Pretty much, although if there was a way to spend money to solve software problems sooner, Id love it. The real constraint is finding great software engineers.
Should be done with first orbital prototype around June
Tesla Autopilot team is awesome! Got to make sure we iron out the details though. Long tail of tricky edge cases. Important to get front wide angle, B pillar ; side repeater camera neural nets just right.
Me in my sick new car (left him the money)
With steel membrane wings like a Dragon, we may be able to lower Starships orbital reentry temp to ~1000 degrees C, which would allow the whole surface to be uncooled bare metal
Probably less than a few dozen primary decision-makers. Technically, only three.
Exactly
If youre against a military AI arms race, please sign this open letter:
Only the heart senses beauty
Will be interesting to see what the meantime to Hitler is for these bots. Only took Microsoft's Tay a day.
Just because I donate doesnt mean I support every last thing a person or organization does, but I like all the people Ive met from . They really care about doing good.
Almost ready to roll out. Regulators just approved.
Python
Two of the engines need slight repairs, so will be switched out
yeah!
philosophically
Yeah
Yup. Actually, the only significant design element in common with early Atlas is stainless steel ; were using a different alloy mix. I super Series Stainless!
Amazing work over many years by SpaceX engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
Back to the moon soon
Throw in some hydrogen ; lithium for a real party
Socialism vs capitalism is not even the right question. What really matters is avoiding monopolies that restrict peoples freedom.
Dead Space was great
Tax authorities tend to interpret things in their favor, but it sure sounds like you could be right! Will investigate.
Will be an option to add solar power that generates miles per day, possibly more. Would love this to be self-powered. Adding fold out solar wings would generate to miles per day. Avg miles per day in US is .
Looking good at ~378 sec. Continued improvement will get it over .
there will be something special
I like C, because it avoids class warfare
Almost. Falcon Heavy was way harder to develop than it seemed at first.
Culture Class is really something
Odd
Its not ready yet
AI in a box that is a hall of mirrors from the inside
Exactly
A floor that moves
Most people don't realize you can see Dragon approach the Space Station from the ground, even in LA
Model is literally the most made in America car in well of course America
Glad youre safe
Tesla has released all cars for sale where original customer cant take delivery before year end, as well as test drive / display cars, which cost less. Reminder to US buyers that $7500 tax credit drops in half in days. Order online at or visit stores.
Yes , looks brutal otherwise
sure is
Just a scratch
Shakes fist at entropy
Cool
New Model S has mile / km range
You can see the streaks on the vacuum Merlin nozzle in flight videos
The Boring Company will compete to fund, build ; operate a high-speed Loop connecting Chicago OHare Airport to downtown
How much is that Doge in the window?
Tesla Model Y review by Dan Neil
Model X launch webcast live today pm at . Time to show the real thing.
Straw man fallacy. To appreciate, your car just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably ~$75k is enough if you bought a . FSD will be bundled in all cars (important point). Something is not a commodity if you cant make enough of them ; we wont be able to.
And also my sympathies to the great people of Russia, who do not want this
Also true
And now we dance!
Also, breakfast at Tesla is self-serve cereal (no distinction for execs) and the person mentioned isn't actually an employee
Where are the memes? Send in the memes
Look, at least its not the Magellanic Clouds. Theyre basically next door.
Should do this automatically
Looking promising for next week
Dragon approaching Space Station
Software release later this week should make it better
Yes, ship needs pitch/roll/yaw control across wide Mach regime ; angle of attack
Yeah, worked on my cousins farm for six weeks around my th birthday. I was so kewl.
Yes
Probably start installing end of next month
Instagram is so thirsty, yet gives you Death by Water
Would love to, but import duties are extremely high, even for electric vehicles
I dont think this is accurate
This is an important improvement
cars, days Tesla Team
Thats true to some degree, but citizen podcasts that arent negative like Rogan, Fridman, Dodd, TED interviews, etc are very popular. Maybe part of why traditional media outlets are so negative is because old habits die hard? They so rarely even try to be positive.
Congratulations to all teams in the student competition! To make high-speed pods that can operate in vacuum is very difficult. Was great to meet everyone!
Please lmk about your experience and what can be improved
Touch
Self-driving cars ; useful humanoid robots require a sophisticated understanding of reality. I am increasingly convinced that they are on the path to solving AGI. Should AGI be solved? I dont know, but humanity is moving rapidly in this direction whether I like it or not.
No matter how one considers the data, there is a giant improvement from non-Autopilot to Autopilot
Its our best car ever, along with the Plaid X
Fear is the mind-killer
Sigmoid (S-curve) is how all physical and mental viruses behave, regardless of containment. Containment reduces asymptote of S-curve. At this point, we have strict containment in US/Europe ; should expect similarly reduced asymptote to China.
I wrote that masterpiece myself in HTML
Yes
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
Tesla app based payment will soon be rolled out WW. Its tough making functionality work across so many regulatory domains.
(Zero is a cool concept)
Of course. What base-number system were you using?
Ramones ; Bach
All flamethrowers will ship with a complimentary boring fire extinguisher
So it will take about years to transfer a million tons to Mars Base Alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
Tesla *was* saved by an investment in May from Daimler, not govt. Without that Daimler support, Tesla would have died. Super appreciated!
The media has earned this mistrust. But maybe there is a solution.
Calendar app w tap to nav ; traffic predictor in Tesla V6.0 release will radically improve how the car adapts to the owner over time
Exactly. Both prices are shown right next to each other ; lower price is *actually* the real apples to apples cost vs a fuel car. In fact, for many states in the US, its way better.
Exactly
Rockets are ridiculously hard (sigh)
Payload to orbit per year of Starship fleet is most mind-blowing metric, as its designed to fly X per day, which is ~1000X per year
When we upgrade the core Linux OS to , which is probably December
If I am a narcissist (which might be true), at least I am a useful one
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
Its true
Study the Blade!!
Testing of the high performance version of the Tesla Model S by
Were making major improvements to ease of engine swap. Needs to be a few hours at most.
Distance from fireball is *a*t^2, so if t is small, you havent moved far even if a is high. At ~6g thrust, youll only travel ~0.03m in ms. Pressure wave (aka explosion) with liquid rockets is low, as ox ; fuel are poorly mixed. If you can fly out of it, youre prob ok.
Hopefully. Always many issues integrating engine ; stage. First hops will lift off, but only barely.
Booster engines are not shrouded by skirt extension, as with ship. Engines extend about m below booster.
Falcon Heavy side boosters can use most of the same airframe as Falcon , but center core needs to be buffed up a lot for transfer loads.
Stop being such a Jacobin
Lets make the roaring s happen!
Sticking to
[Warning, this may cause motion sickness or seizures] This is a test run of our electric sled
Tesla is working as fast as possible to support Tesla owners worldwide. Sustainable energy affects everyone on Earth, as we all share one atmosphere.
Yes, thats exactly what I meant, Gary the Bot!
Agreed, you can only win each prize once
If something is physically possible, not only is someone doing it, but there is also an award show.
Excellent analysis
Yes
Body/tank diameter is m or about ft
Spatial ; temporal memory are improving, so there will be less flicker
yes
Same
You may have Heard of the person who put it together
Its not all about engineering, although that is my personal favorite. Striving to make products or provide services in excess of what you consume is the noble goal.
That said, BTC ; ETH do seem high lol
Its up to ; as to whether they go with EU rules or rest of world. Not our choice.
Over time, it will be % sustainable
Great electric car documentary about early days of Tesla, GM Volt, Nissan Leaf ; Gadget. So much has happened since then
Thursday next week at pm Texas time
Annoying that perpetuates myth that Delta IV Heavy or Atlas V can do some orbits that Falcon Heavy cant. This is absolutely false. FH would have to go full expendable for GEO direct, but thats very rare.
Yes
Yes
Sad if true
SolarCity to build the world's largest advanced solar panel factory in upstate New York
Armored Personnel Carrier (APC)
Indeed
But putting the word Blue on a ball is questionable branding
Can Steve Bannon please insult me some more? Best PR Ive had in a while.
Thank you, South Texas for your support! This is the gateway to Mars.
Being thanked by game NPCs brought me real joy tbh
Starship aspires to be the first fully reusable orbital launch vehicle, the holy grail of rocketry. This is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
Strange but true
Possibly two weeks
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Yeah, feels like something is messed up with Apple news app. Almost only ever shows negative news. Nickname is the hate stream
Handover party for first customer Model 's on the th! Production grows exponentially, so Aug should be cars and Sept above .
No, it is one week either way.
First flight for Falcon Heavy Block means there is some risk of failure between % to % imo. Many good design improvements from Falcon Heavy demo, but the changes are unproven.
Announcements coming soon
Yeah
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June . Order online at .
HW2 Autopilot software uploading to cars this eve. Will then hold to verify no field issues and upload to rest of fleet next week.
Weve never advertised with FB. None of my companies buy advertising or pay famous people to fake endorse. Product lives or dies on its own merits.
The physics of how Tesla achieved best safety of any cars ever tested. Note, when vehicle weight is taken into account, order is more like X,S, then , but they are all very close.
Construction complete in about hours, then hour flight to Thailand
Failure rate is actually both higher ; lower than that, as the Falcon design has changed almost completely several times. Currently flying version has no failures (may fate continue to be merciful), but older versions therefore have a higher failure rate.
Great work by Tesla team!
No, but very close
Sure
Overall successful. Aborted at T+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
Exactly
We use less than % cobalt in our batteries ; will use none in next gen
Was sad to see G getting tons of undeserved flak because of me, so Im glad theres some good too . Her music is incredible.
It works great!
About to complete SN5, ramping to an engine every days this summer
Almost done
Engineering is true magic
Ironically, same publications will attack me for compensation tied to Tesla tripling in value and imply Tesla is worthless. They cant *both* be true!
Thanks Lloyd!
Impressively accurate analysis!
The exec conf room at Tesla used to be called Denali, but I decided to move a few letters around. Seemed more apt
no
Mr Steven is mins away from being under the falling fairing (dont have live video)
Its one or /2 if you dont have a car with pedestrian speaker. We couldnt get everything done in time, but more stuff coming.
At Texas with engineering team getting ready to fire new Raptor rocket engine
Initially, yes, but then will make sense to localize closer to customers. Pretty much same plan as vehicles.
Agreed. Working on it.
yes
Wait until you see the next version vs what was presented last year. Its *awesome*.
True
Absolutely agree. Major expansion of service centers underway.
If there arent enough people for Earth, then there definitely wont be enough for Mars
Esoteric meme of the day
The building is ~7 stores tall, so each floor is double size. Hard to appreciate unless youre close.
If the government had the mandate of the people, there would be a significant counter-protest. There is not, therefore they do not.
I bet no one on Twitter even *has* a guillotine! Poseurs
He was the real deal
Make the Mars Technocracy real
My wiki is such a dumpster fire . Thats how you know it isnt curated.
Not that I know of
Ok
Its been years
Cont of main
Yeah, engines did great!
Yay, baby made it home!
Will maybe do a media tour next week. Team deserves recognition. This was miraculous.
Its pretty much the only theory. This will mess with your mind:
Going offline for a few days
Massive increase in Supercharger network is underway
Probably closer to to imo. would be a linear extrapolation, but progress is exponential.
Love that movie!
The dark side of OnlyFans
Good idea
exactly
Grahams number
Good shot of Starship flight test vehicle being assembled in Boca Chica, Texas
Amount of change needed is enormous - like a spinal cord transplant. Would cost less and work better with a new car.
The fun police made us do it (sigh)
Whats Facebook?
Yes, we will
Coming soon
Pretty close. No tiles on back side of flaps. Some tiles towards leeward side of ship trailing plasma spilling off rear of flaps.
Thanks, good advice
No
Engineering is magic made real
Unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
Just want to say thanks to for being the world's coolest customer. Looking forward to delivering the goods!
I added the Archangel-12 part and obviously have a fondness for the letter X
Singapore has enough land area to generate most of its electricity from the sun. Solar energy is more than most people realize. MW per sq km at current commercial efficiency solar panels. No more need to import fossil fuels for electricity, which is a strategic vulnerability.
Its not
Please ignore this thread unless youre interested in a tedious discussion about Tesla stock
Direct democracy. Short, comprehensible laws voted on directly by the people. Snake Jazz.
Outside repair shops are jack of all trades, which means supporting s of makes ; models. Tesla collision repair specializes in three. Having all parts in stock ; not waiting for insurance approval also make a world of difference.
Starhopper flight successful. Water towers *can* fly haha!!
FWIW, based on calcs I did years ago, cross-over point for Li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 Wh/kg. High cycle batteries are just over Wh/kg today, but probably exceed in ~5 years.
Working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. Will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more FSD features being released.
Aiming for weeks, which probably means weeks, due to unforeseen issues
Tesla is working as fast as possible to support Tesla owners worldwide. Sustainable energy affects everyone on Earth, as we all share one atmosphere.
A lot of people are going to be super unhappy with West Coast high tech as the de facto arbiter of free speech
Physics should be taught with the majesty ; beauty it deserves
The staying power of a bad idea is astonishing
Best choice for most people is standard range plus with Autopilot
The Internet is insane
x is y
I couldnt even keep the US in the Paris Accord, but if there is some way for me to help these kids I will do so
No, has to be turned on by car owner
Interesting
As mentioned at the beginning of the year, I'm expecting ~70% success rate on landings for the year. is the year of experimentation.
That would an interesting target. Would, of course, only count if capable of doing so right off the production line with street legal tires.
Worth it
Very important
Slight booster length increase to m, so m for whole system. Liftoff mass ~5000 mT.
Matt DeBord reviews all Tesla models via
The future currency of Earth
Thanks Johnna, you too
Cybertruck doesnt need a garage
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time ; stop a terrible calamity the premiere of Cats!
Why are you so dogematic, they ask
Your app sucks
Nintendo wont let us
Would seem to indicate that one or more people sought to create the false impression of a safety issue where none existed. Q is why?
About to deliver the first ten Model S cars from !
Fair point! Will discuss with team.
Yes, Booster is a production pathfinder, figuring out how to build ; transport meter tall stage. Booster will fly.
Thanks!
O2 header tank is tip of nosecone, CH4 header is in the main CH4 tank
Im in the credits
Model S owner blogs about TN accident
Model uses two intersecting planes of air for vertical control ; lateral fins hidden within the dashboard for horizontal control
Technically, I tested positive, then negative twice, then positive again, so Elon Musk Tests Negative for Covid is an equally correct title. The rapid antigen test from BD seems to be about as useful as a flipping a coin.
Sure
Please challenge Tim of Apple to trial by combat
Production fully switched over ~3 months ago. Functionality wont diverge until Q4, as its limited by software validation. Will be later for Europe compared to rest of world due to regulatory constraints that were put in place years ago by big ICE companies.
Awaiting approval from Canadian authorities
Good summary
Congrats! Orbit is not easy.
Turbo Pascal
Haha v true
London to Beijing would be cool
Vertically or horizontally?
Supercharger announcement pushed to next week. Something else this week.
yes
Thanks on behalf of Tesla
Norwegians are right to be upset with Tesla. We are having trouble expanding our service facilities in Oslo especially. Can solve quickly with Tesla mobile service vans, but awaiting govt permission to do so.
Freedom is being stripped away one piece at a time until it is gone
Bad logic is always ugly
Duck emoji FTW
No problem. We could program Starship to perform Swan Lake in the sky. Minimizing landing burn propellant mass is whats hard.
Yeah, would have been way better just to send everyone $6k
yes, security is extremely important
Starbase under construction
And to think I used to like Bernie!
Hopefully addressed this summer
jk
Primary mission on target. Spacecraft head towards the sun! All good there.
I bought a pair of XL
Tesla Solarglass vs Happy Halloween!!
Absolutely. Production/testing of rocket engines is over % of the problem. This is true in general. For cars, production is over % of the problem. That % inspiration is very important, but its less than % of the pain.
Beautiful
Love EFF : EFF inaugurates Stupid Patent of the Month by
Cool, but please be super cautious. Expect two steps forward, one back. Lot of new code was merged.
Aspirationally, they will be made to the exact same specification, but we can vary cell quantity to account for empirical variation
Just feed it The Godfather movies as input. Whats the worst that could happen?
Cant believe youre even writing about this. My job as CEO is to focus on whats most critical, which is currently Model production. Doug, who I regard as one of the worlds most talented engineering execs, is focused on vehicle engineering.
Model X review
It has always been Teslas view that all subsidies should be eliminated, but that must include the massive subsidies for oil ; gas. For some reason, governments dont want to do that
And by , Tesla production will exceed the mass of the Universe!
Sure
Btw, we are actually working on a charger that automatically moves out from the wall ; connects like a solid metal snake. For realz.
V11 is
Coming soon to Tesla merch. Free shots in stores every April st.
Moon base alpha (cheesy show, but I loved it) plus Mars
The song I whistle most is Strangers in the Night
Coming soon
This is not true. TM works for a lot of people and that's great, but I've maybe done it or times ever.
High-performance code is in C using our own compiler to maximize frame rate. We use Python with custom libraries for fast prototyping, then convert to C for fast execution. New software is run against real-world video ; our world simulator to evaluate performance, then QA.
Sure
Ok
Debatably true, if applied to individual stocks selectively ; consciously, but obv false if applied broadly to most of the market ; without clear consent of the shareholder
Its about time I suppose
Dogecake
I didnt meet with him
Not all. However, shorting applied to market as a whole is obv net negative it incents negative gdp! Moreover, it stops private companies from going public, preventing access by retirement funds ; small investors, thus increasing wealth divide.
Lightning bolt right before launch
Creating synthetic mRNA for cures/vaccines is the future of medicine imo. Turns it (mostly) into a software ; modeling problem.
Laser links in orbit can reduce long-distance latency by as much as %, due to higher speed of light in vacuum ; shorter path than undersea fiber
Avenge the dinosaurs!!
Just spoke with FAA, so hopefully yes
We tried. Nintendo wont license it to us.
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck
Indeed, very simple question. To be specific: , did you compensate or promise to compensate Martin Tripp for inside information about Tesla? Did he, under that inducement, provide you with exaggerated negative info, which you printed, but turned out to be untrue?
I am accumulating resources to help make life multiplanetary ; extend the light of consciousness to the stars
We are not yet offering the mid range Model in Europe
weeks
Densification isnt needed to return the ship ; limited cargo from Mars, but its an option for increasing cargo return capability if needed
Wow cool
New SpaceX Starlink cover shows transfer orbit from Earth to Mars
Hell of a ride!
Well it looked smaller on paper
If Tesla owners are conspiracy theorists, then it would be fair to call them advertising salespeople masquerading as truthtellers. If thats an unfair criticism, a simple rebuttal would be to show their articles per fatality for all automakers. Tesla is ~0.02% of deaths
About time to unveil the D and something else
Release candidate in final testing phase
Pretty much
Happy New Year of the Ox!
Your math isnt very good. Would require %. And whats your issue anyway? Better suggestions are welcome.
A midnight amendment, followed by a vigorously opposed subpoena. Someone has been naughty
Ira Ehrenpreis had rights to st car as he was st to place a full deposit, but gave those rights to me as my th bday present. Tks Ira!
Absolutely
It will soon
Tesla is the safest car according to US govt testing
Next year for sure
A second one that is cm shorter is almost complete
perfect
Das klingt nach Space Party
Yes
Later this year, remaining fussy bits will be gone, allowing deletion of shroud
No, must brake safely to a halt
I always wanted to do a terms ; conditions cover of Green Eggs ; Ham
pretty close
significant items: - Final heat shield tiles for ship - Thermal protection of booster engines - Ground propellant storage tanks - QD arm for ship weeks.
Cant think of anything
Also, Blood, Gandalf the Grey ; Superdraco
Earths crust is only ~1% of Earth mass, so technically we should be called Lava
Im selling this song about NFTs as an NFT
Now on launch stand
Earth has been and will be smashed super hard by meteors over time. Not a question of if, just when.
; sounds too (also, of course)
Few people know that we started Tesla when GM forcibly recalled all electric cars from customers in ; then crushed them in a junkyard
Underappreciated , will watch!
No
m rocket booster diameter, m spaceship diameter, m stack height
Insane technology bandwagon
Over time, we might get orbital payload up to ~150 tons with full reusabity. If Starship then launched as an expendable, payload would be ~250 tons. What isnt obvious from this chart is that Starship/Super Heavy is much denser than Saturn V.
Definitely
Music in zero gravity
Max thrust version of Raptor should achieve true T/W &gt; . Target is ton engine with &gt;260 t-F. Max Isp version should achieve ~380 sec, but T/W probably &lt;120 due to big nozzle. These are just guesses for now.
Interesting possible answer to the Fermi Paradox
Found an old copy of
I hope the kids are ok
Tesla dual motor cars are also all-wheel drive. Main goal of dual motor was actually insane traction on snow. Insane speed was a side effect
Thanks Tesla owners ; investors! Love you!! We will work super hard to earn your trust ; support.
Minnesota auto dealers tried to pass legislation to block Tesla stores. Bill was just defeated in Senate. Thanks MN!
I think we can improve that with a little software optimization
Compared to past, today's world is fantastic ; likely will be for many decades. Just need to cover future downside risk.
There will be a software update this weekend that improves self-calibration ability
Several improvements coming via V9.1 on Friday at midnight
Yes
Landing
We could probably make a fun punch (click) buggy game, with extra points for rare Teslas
Yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
Haha true
Of course
California time
Definitely
True, careless negativity (destruction) is much harder than thoughtful positivity (creation)
Falcon Heavy sends a car to Mars
checking into it ...
Maybe I should retweet the top four or five point. What caught your eye the most?
Thanks
Whoa cool
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C Clarke. Thanks for the quote, RIP.
Yeah, Id love to do that
My security car is called Baby Smurf
Recent missed landing (at sea) was due to incorrect wind data. If this (land) landing fails, it will most likely be for a different reason.
We started Zip2 with ~$2k from me plus my overclocked home-built PC, ~$5k from my bro ; ~$8k from Greg Kouri (such a good guy he is greatly missed). My Dad provided % of a ~$200k angel funding round much later, but by then risk was reduced ; round wouldve happened anyway.
Great work by Tesla Team!
Really? Ok sure.
Forgot to mention there will be a P100D Ludicrous Easter egg soon that uncorks the full performance
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics.
ianime
but srsly the pic clicking is so annoying!
Upmass is what matters. One Starship will lift what all Falcons did in Q2 on a single flight.
Peace
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs)
Biting off more than I can chew. Because Im an optimistic fool.
Witch logic
About to launch asteroid defense test!
It will be tight, but Tesla production should have all mid-range Model orders delivered by year end
Will also be using dedicated roll-on, roll-off fast ships for transporting cars to Europe ; Asia in Q1. Major focus on minimizing time from factory to new owner. Did not fully appreciate the working capital impact until recently.
Excited to have Larry Ellison ; Kathleen Wilson-Thompson join the Tesla board!
You can upload custom music/sounds
Long-term, ship would land on tower arms, like booster
Yeah, we talked about that internally. Could just have it land on a big net or bouncy castle. Lacks dignity, but would work. But, optimized landing propellant is only ~5% of dry mass, so its not a gamechanger.
Seriously! We are just on the wrong planet for SSTO. Mars, no problem.
Will those who write the algorithms ever realize their negativity bias?
Thats what we believe is highly likely
Incredibly inspired by the interest in Model . You won't be disappointed. Also, small token of appreciation coming for those who lined up.
Will do our best. Decentralized control of the robots will be critical.
Dinner in an old Belgian ironmongery. Best menu art ever.
r wrong, but in Tesla makes s overseas ; East Coast in st half of quarter
Congratulations!
Exactly
Longer version of self-driving demo with Paint It Black soundtrack
Another Starlinks reach orbit
Both and buttons in V10.0
Yes, but engines have a min throttle point where there is flameout risk, so landing on engines means high thrust/weight (further away from hover point), which is also risky
Propublica should be bottom left
That's because the accurate articles are boringly obvious, so they get no press attention
Maybe if it sees a Shiba Inu, the car renders a Dogecoin
cgi irl
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version with smart summon is in wide release, which is about to weeks away, depending on how early access goes
I was just there. Good progress!
Ok
Yes, lot of risk
Yes, were tuning weld parameters to reduce puckering ; building a heavy duty planisher to flatten ; cold work the weld area
Looks like we can reach Model cars per month in Dec
Wings/flaps ; leg design changing again (sigh). Doesnt affect schedule much though.
Combined with SpaceX deep subcooling of propellants to near liquefaction temp of N2, use of common dome (CH4 ; O2 liquid at similar temps) ; higher T/W of engines enables de facto higher delta-V than an H2/O2 stage
TCP packet walks into a bar ; says Id like a beer. Barman replies Youd like a beer? Yes, replies TCP packet,Id like a beer.
Baby came back
Probably. Raptor sounds different to Merlin.
Yes, my absolute goal w Tesla has always been mass market electric cars. Will finally get there with Gen3 program.
True, we somewhat overcompensated on Bluetooth antenna capability haha. Will work on turning it down near your destination.
Luke, I am your farter.
Pointing out to aspiring journo ; Rodin spokesmodel, Josh Top, who thinks public polls are controlled by powerful people that the media is *owned* by same. Anyone who thought this was anti-Semitic is just revealing their inner bigot. The context is very clear.
Star Peace
Haha true
First test flight hop of our Grasshopper VTVL rocket!
Solving high-volume, high-reliability, low-cost production problems is especially valued
No way
Sure
Pretty much
So strange
I could get a job, just not at an Internet company (werent many back then)
Not enough room unless we completely delete front trunk. Model S ; X primary HEPA filter alone is literally % bigger than normal car air filter.
Ok, sounds legit, will donate M trees
Probably Fremont
Fates loves irony
Sigh
Model S P100D is def still the top end, but Model Performance is higher value for money
mm of full hard or Stainless is bulletproof to a mm or .45
RWD with all-weather tires works great. Tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. Really helps to have Newton ; Maxwell on your side.
Great
Theres more storage now ; easily upgradable
Aiming to stack ship on booster today
Yes, but owner will have to accept tiny risk of damage. Those are very hard even for careful human drivers.
Exactly
No sense of humor is certainly proving itself true. Good grief! How many socialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? Answer: Thats not funny!!
Thanks again, have conveyed your words to the Tesla team, who have been working crazy hard. Really energizing!
. may be but his tweets are
Hope youre enjoying the simulation
Cant fool me it was
Correct
Ok
Speed solves everything
going out later this week
Dude, we are California, which is extremely pro union. People can form a union tomorrow ; nothing Tesla could do to stop it. UAW cant even get enough sigs to request a vote, cause they have nothing to offer.
Yes. Caves are now filled with water again. Difficulty of passage is massively dependent on water level. Little kids can walk/swim in when low, but it can be deadly to pro divers when high. Pump ; generator engineering team deserves some credit for the rescue.
Hate to say it, but we need to increase oil ; gas output immediately. Extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures.
AI symbiosis while u wait
one day ...
Awe tow co wrecked
Yes, really enjoyed it, although wish shed made it up to sky city
Wizard alien
Yeah, I heard this so many times. In the future, it will seem bizarre that we used to crash rockets into the ocean instead of reusing them.
Wheres the proof!?
Best would probably be an autogenous laser weld, but we need more precise parts ; fixtures. Hopefully get that done in .
Mechazilla will do this for future rockets, but its not quite ready yet
Respectfully disagree. Larry made awesome moves last year, which laid the foundation for G+ to kick butt in . He's a stud.
True
Haha true
Yes
Booster is more than half cost of mission. Fairing is ~10%.
Im trying to set a good example!
yes
Intentionally? Yes
Entropy
Very impressive mission by China!
Upper atmospheric wind shear is very high. Will have to postpone launch unless weather improves soon.
Yes
The universe is really, really big
we do
Wont change. Starship launch structure will be attached to the other side from tower.
Of M futures, M were simply death by boredom
Little crane: Am I just a toy to you!?
Yes
Starship Production Complex Boca Chica, Texas
Product roadmap update on next earnings call
If only wed listened
Original Deus Ex was incredible, Human Revolution was also great
Love born in the brain is more spirited, doubtless, than true love, but it has only flashes of enthusiasm; it knows itself too well, it criticizes itself incessantly; so far from banishing thought, it is itself reared only upon a structure of thought. The Red and The Black
Megapacks are deployed to stabilize the grid itself, especially effective for absorbing peak loads. They save consumers money.
Legs, but this render isnt accurate
Wheres Flextape when you need it!?
Dank is wack unless youre on weed
First machine is Godot. Still waiting ... Don't know why, when or where.
Yes
Literally. It was at th ; Baltimore in Philadelphia before gentrification.
Three or four months, depending on demand level. We have enough for about /week right now.
Impressive
Yeah, super messed up
Mad skillz
Tesla audio engineering is great
This is extremely messed up. , whats going on?
Totally. Collective mind control by stoking fear.
Ok
Haha true
That would be so cool!
Goodbye
Focusing on Starship instead
How many futures are there actually?
First Boring Company tunnel under LA almost done! Pending final
There is a lot of accounting trickery in this bill that isnt being disclosed to the public
Reddit is great
Imbued gold/bronze color would be sick
Teslas in a tunnel. Happening in Vegas rn.
e^ln() =
to mile option definitely. Higher, maybe.
Haha actually true
Tesla was almost called Faraday, as original holder of Tesla Motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
Only $69.420!!
Some of whom seriously think Tesla toppled the Bolivian govt (sigh)
Sunday is the end of the week
Were close, but the magic is in the final details. Maybe to months.
Yes
Side booster rockets return to Cape Canaveral. Center lands on droneship.
At least
Exactly. No point in an abort system on Mars, so got to make the core ship super safe.
Hopefully enough to extend life to Mars
Definitely. Cant wait to try that. Been a little distracted past few months on mostly Tesla matters, but back at it soon.
Making large scale rocket propulsion landing work well is a critical step towards a fully reusable Mars transport system
We decided to skip building a new nosecone for Hopper. Dont need it. What you see being built is the orbital Starship vehicle.
To be clear, orders are fully refundable, even after youve had your Tesla for a week
Smoked ham
Yeah, will take less than a minute to order on when it goes live
Tesla team has done great work!
Stockholm: its not just a syndrome
Noted. We can prob adjust spring force ; catch to be less sensitive. Cupholders are amazingly hard to get right!
Yep, good catch
No, oxygen header tank in nose is important to keep center of mass forward during atmospheric entry
Should be much better at this point
Just one. SN5 will get three.
Rocket fairing returning from space
Still am
Ancient Egypt had an incredible esthetic that stands to this day
Chris Porritt from Aston Martin just joined as head of vehicle engineering at Tesla
Yes, you can walk on the Tesla Solarglass roof. In stilettos, if you want
Just kept working on my crown chakra and boom! Don't let anyone tell you magic isn't real. Warning, EXTREMELY powerful
Wow
Yes
Nuking Mars one T-shirt at a time
Mad respect for the makers
Youre most welcome. Hope to do more to help in the future.
Definitely
He does like to play with my phone. There are many confusing videos he has taken.
Good point
Perhaps that one was too edgy
Looking into it. This is bizarre.
RIP
Looks like Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Definitely need a wider span
Yeah, takes you to a big purple guy with a bejeweled gold glove
Raptors
Something needs to be done to reward consistent, high quality journalism. Some in media are absurdly indignant before even seeing the product. Odd
No problem. Snow and ice tend to slide off the Tesla SolarGlass due to lower surface roughness, so accumulates less than a normal roof. Even so, its very strong and can be walked on without breaking the glass tiles.
Please support the White House petition to allow direct sales of cars to consumers in all states
Actually ... yes
Will be changed to $3k until July st
Model was designed for min engineering ; tooling change for RHD. Note left/right symmetry. LHD for Europe ; Asia first half of next year. RHD probably middle of next year.
FT is saying current death rate is extremely unusual, but youre saying was higher. Which is correct?
the laser beam long exposure shots
Top Secret
Its coming, I swear
Really just comes down to iron cathode for medium range vehicles ; stationary storage vs nickel cathode for long range vehicles
Great shot! Btw, Starship Super Heavy will not have an entry burn. Delta-v is shifted more to the ship, so booster entry Q ; heating is lower.
Not to mention warm-up latency
At least X cheaper
We can make it work from very far away. LoS is just for safety.
Congratulations !!!
Worth noting that Muller's research confirming global warming is real was funded by Koch. Fate loves irony.
Good summary of Tesla progress in by (due to Tesla team, not me though) via
Worth reading Life by . AI will be the best or worst thing ever for humanity, so lets get it right.
Also times more fun!
All of them, especially Surface Detail
I was at Giga Texas yesterday. Team is making excellent progress. Building will be almost a mile long when complete.
Very impressive!
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars
Bring it on
Major FUD incoming for sure haha
Usable strength/weight of full hard stainless at cryo is slightly better than carbon fiber, room temp is worse, high temp is vastly better
Sure feels weird to find myself defending the robots
Yes
Yup, China had an oversupply, so we bought FDA-approved ResMed, Philips ; Medtronic ventilators on Friday night ; airshipped them to LA. If you want a free ventilator installed, please let us know!
"If one day, my words are against science, choose science." Mustafa Kemal Atatrk
Also, you can request any service from the Tesla phone app in under a minute
A level orc illusionist and dressmaker
Probably shouldnt have called holding company Cyberdyne Systems
But Taycan does seem like a good car. Nrburgring track time is great.
Rococo is alive ; living in our hearts
High quality critical feedback from Munro ; Co is much appreciated!
Direct drive using several Tesla Plaid motors in parallel for SN1. Simpler, lighter ; more fault tolerant. Rear flaps each need ~1.5 megawatts. Its like moving the entire wing of an aircraft!
Yes, but if we find unexpected bugs, release might be delayed until th
I disagree with that goal ; gave away Tesla patents to help other companies
Sure
Just posted a video
Ok
Merry Christmas Hope youre enjoying latest software update!
Change your screen preference from night mode to auto
What if ur name is Johnson ; u just happen to work at Johnson ; Johnson?
Haha
We will enable track mode for all performance cars
Not true. A friend sent me part of a BTC a few years, but I dont know where it is.
Implicit conflation of consumption ; capital allocation is the foundational error
I wish I could help. At this point, it seems that voting at the next election is the remedy.
There were no EV incentives (nor did we expect them) ; gasoline was super cheap, so tough to make the case for electric cars. My guess was that we had &lt;10% chance of success ; most people thought %. The history car startups is just one big graveyard.
Makes a lot of sense
End-to-end encryption encoded at firmware level. Unlikely to be hacked w current computing tech. If it is (and we learn about it), a crypto fix will go out immediately via network-wide firmware update.
Prototypes are easy, volume production is hard, positive cash flow is excruciating
After safety, our goal is to make a Tesla the most fun you could possibly have in a car
Dark mode makes Twitter feel like night
Boring Co is completing its first commercial tunnel in Vegas, going from Convention Center to Strip, then will work on other projects
When prices go down, those who already bought want the lower price, but, if prices go up, those who already bought dont want to write Tesla a check. So it goes.
No plans to introduce air suspension on Model at this time
Thanks Sam!
Set air flow to recirculating mode ; manually raise blower speed to in Model for best air quality. Air filters are smaller than S/X, so clear air is achieved by circulating through filter several times.
Starhopper flight currently tracking to pm Texas time for m / ~500ft hover test
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill
Sure, that would be an honor
Were building out Superchargers as fast as possible! Need to ramp V3 Supercharger production.
The gerontocracy is out of touch with the people
But, much more important, is that this *design* is capable of full ; rapid reusability. Long way to go from design to making it actually fully ; rapidly reusable with high payload, but at least success is *one* of the possible outcomes haha.
If you want this to happen fast, please let your local ; federal elected representatives know. Makes a big difference if they hear from you.
this song is hard
If u saw and wonder why doesn't use an electric rocket to reach orbit, it is cuz that is impossible
T-shirt soon
Exactly
Mini-sub arriving in about hours. Hopefully useful. If not, perhaps it will be in a future situation.
Wow, cool! Summon will get steadily smoother until its like an expert chauffeur who knows you well.
Hydrogen is a light, odorless gas, which, given enough time, turns into people who will make this statement
Not yet. I look forward to giving that a try.
Minor
Good point
Making a roof out of kindling in a fire risk zone is not recommended
Very proud of the SpaceX team! Cant believe its been fifty Falcon launches already. Just ten years ago, we couldnt even reach orbit with little Falcon .
Not having long chain hydrocarbons ; lowering preburner combustion temperature make a big difference
Coming soon
There will be many opportunities for both new ; experienced people!
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
Those who proclaim themselves socialists are usually depressing, have no sense of humor ; attended an expensive college. Fate loves irony.
Malala
Ironically, the billionaire label, when used by media, is almost always meant to devalue ; denigrate the subject. I wasnt called that until my companies got to a certain size, but reality is that I still do the same science ; engineering as before. Just the scale has changed.
It can definitely strain relationships, but I loved doing my first company with my brother
Tesla will hold a Giga Texas grand opening party with factory tours for the community in early
Also, not promising anything, but we *might* be able to increase Model Performance power output a little
Wow, they played D in D
Haha spectrum af
All satellites deployed
Make sure your car is connected to wifi for the update. Will update over its cell connection too, but takes much longer.
Woody
Yes
Yes
Raptor reached mT-F (over half a million pounds of thrust) at peak pressure with some damage, so this version of the engine can probably sustain ~210 tons. Should have a + ton engine in about to months. Target for booster is tons (16.5 million pounds) of thrust.
My comments in China weren't transcribed correctly. Tesla will keep making cars ; batteries in CA ; NV as far into future as I can imagine.
Missed you too
Sigh
Whoever owns the early BTC deserves a Nobel prize in delayed gratification
Done. Now $2k via in-app purchase.
You have my word, Marques. Next gen Roadster will be absolutely out of this world. For those who love to drive, there is no finer car in history and we dont think there will be another.
planning to have a big opening in Mexico City soon and then proceed gradually to central and South America.
Pretty much
You got it!
It works great!
years ago. We need to accelerate progress towards fully reusable rockets. Cost per ton to orbit needs to improve by &gt;1000% from where Falcon is today for there to be a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Elon was found passed out against a Tesla Model , surrounded by "Teslaquilla" bottles, the tracks of dried tears still visible on his cheeks. This is not a forward-looking statement, because, obviously, what's the point? Happy New Month!
His name is Gary ; hes a snail
The mind sacrificing itself in the final ship battle
The only thing beyond Ludicrous is Plaid
Rotate on one axis. Magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
Next Grasshopper rocket test is called the Johnny Cash Hover Slam (yeah baby!). Might be our first smoking crater...
For more info on Tesla Energy, check out press kit. $250/kWh for utility scale is the real kicker
A biography on Korolev has center place in my study
Coming
flights is extremely unlikely. Starship payload to orbit is ~150 tons , so max of to fill ton tanks of lunar Starship. Without flaps ; heat shield, Starship is much lighter. Lunar landing legs dont add much (1/6 gravity). May only need /2 full, ie tanker flights.
Lot has happened in years
Yes
Given how hard insanely FSD is, I think it may take years or more before any company besides Tesla solves it
Of course I still love you
Congratulations on the Mach E! Sustainable/electric cars are the future!! Excited to see this announcement from Ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
Will begin limited rollout to Canada this month. Safety is paramount, so we have to confirm no significant issues, given slightly different road rules.
Dragon spacecraft ; Falcon rocket
True, diverting a comet would be super hard. Could be done with small asteroids ; a mass driver, but this is risky.
Happy bday to my old and dear friend ! U do parties better than a rockstar. For Berlin ...
We are doing releases every weeks on Friday at midnight California time
more launches of for initial activation, for significant coverage
Particulate matter from automotive exhausts has a much more serious impact on health than most people realize
Congrats to the Tesla owner who sacrificed damage to his own car to bring a car with an unconscious driver safely to a stop!
So much drama ; good times too! Maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of ; ; .
Good idea
Sounds about right
Classifying all deaths as corona even if corona didnt cause the death is simply a lie
Soon Model S will feature druidic dwarves dancing around a miniature stone henge
Yeah, exactly! Would be great to hear your thoughts. Were going to try a few approaches. Can def be done, just about minimizing mass.
Ion thrusters are great, but have extremely tiny force (photon thruster even less). Must have more thrust than weight or you don't go up.
We should make buildings out of high-strength steel, not concrete (which needs steel in it anyway)
But if humanity wishes to become a multi-planet species, then we must figure out how to move millions of people to Mars.
Human for scale
Its a start. We expect these track times to be beaten by the actual production seat Model S Plaid variant that goes into production around Oct/Nov next year.
Gwynnes got it covered. Shes awesome.
Using rocket science non-ironically in a bio is never a good sign, especially if you work on
Looks like we may need to increase production plans for the Model
Some sites maintained an almost daily Tesla deathwatch years ago, reporting with an awful delight. days later
Cook ; I have never spoken or written to each other ever. There was a point where I requested to meet with Cook to talk about Apple buying Tesla. There were no conditions of acquisition proposed whatsoever. He refused to meet. Tesla was worth about % of todays value.
Actually, I think it's kinda cool
Our existence cannot just be about solving one miserable problem after another. There need to be reasons to live.
And also accelerates sustainable energy
Stop In the Name of Love!
No, were building a BFR dev ship to do supersonic through landing tests in Boca Chica, Texas
Its something special
Dragon high altitude, supersonic abort test is a risky mission, as its pushing the envelope in so many ways
Exactly. Getting paid by the government to launch payloads at much lower prices than competitors is not government support.
Will do what we can for anyplace affected by natural disasters
Needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
Good
Hoping to open in Romania soon!
A m diameter vehicle fits in our existing factories ...
Great Model Y review by
Good summary of my talk in Paris on climate change
Active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. Since all Tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident ; do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
Kids these days have no respect!
Direct links arent needed to offer service. Starlink will initially bounce signals off ground/ocean relays to get from to .
SpaceX standard antenna production rises rapidly this year, so those with orders shouldnt have to wait long. Note, Starlink can only support a limited number of users in an area, so best to order early.
Romance Mode
Black glass smooth and textured will be first. Tuscan and French Slate in about six months.
thanks for ordering a car!
Some quarks ; a lepton walk into a bar
Sounds about right
Not a bad idea. For sure, it makes sense to test AI for safety in some kind of open world / sandbox virtual world.
Tesla is as much a software company as it is a hardware company, both in car and in factory. This is not widely understood.
I love your castle
Merry Christmas ; goodwill to all!!
tough
Headed to a (ahem) volcano caldera. Since I didn't finish my PhD, it's actually "Mr." Evil.
Anyone think they can get a good multiplayer Minecraft working on Teslas? Or maybe create a game that interacts virtually with reality like Pokmon Go while driving safely? Like a complex version of Pac-man or Mario Kart?
Please support my campaign to rebrand as emoji!
Starlink is a little patchy to Tonga right now, but will improve dramatically as laser inter-satellite links activate
Pretty close. Inner ring is closer to center , as all gimbal together. Boost back burn efficiency is greatly improved in this config.
Ceres, Callisto, Ganymede ; Titan
Dont know yet, but its important that the whole world transition to sustainable energy, so well make costs as low as possible
Helping to pay for this is why Im accumulating assets on Earth.
Side boosters fall short ; center core goes too far + Florida is heavily populated. Landing permission tricky
Btw, Foster the People is playing the Model X event tonight. Seemed like the right vibe.
Storm Watch was active for hundreds of Powerwall customers this weekend as a result of Red Flag Fire Warnings in California, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
Love the pic tho
Lmpe
The overarching goal of Tesla engineering is maximize area under user happiness curve
My (again) personal favorite is
Restart was good, apogee raised to k km (50k miles). Yes!!!
Very important. Most people dont know this. Wind is also super cheap, especially when paired with batteries.
About orbit synch windows, which are every months, so self-sufficiency around
Tesla wins best headlights award
One of the best games ever
Haha
Yes
Yup. Wild times on Discord haha.
PC desktop with latest graphics card, although I have a Mac too. Gigabyte laptop.
S/X HEPA filter is one of my favorite features
Always
Yeah
Both
And, of course, your car will be able to in their general direction
Still too buggy to be in wide EAP. Requires more testing. Hopefully, going to wide EAP next week.
I really want to do this! Will be great fun. Could be both LA and Austin.
Three Raptors on a Starship
Do you have data on the false positive rate? Ive heard a wide range of numbers. CDC numbers are almost an order of magnitude lower between high fidelity data (onset date known) and presumed positive.
Write games
It is much better
Software just thinks the car is less efficient than it actually is
Preview of the interplanetary transport system at
Yeah, great team!
Mach diamonds
Too much corporate sponsorship killed the vibe
This isnt correct. Will address.
Discussing physics of tunnels with Mayor Vargas (who has a physics background). Hawthorne support for The Boring Company much appreciated.
Dont tell anyone, but the wifi password is martians
Maybe Cybertruck will have it
This is messed up
Turns out joking about being a rock star because of digging tunnels (through, uh, rock hello??) is deeply underappreciated
Long chain hydrocarbons, like kerosene, have excellent volumetric energy density, but what you really want for rockets is best way to bind hydrogen, which is CH4. Also, easy to make ; store CH4+O2 from CO2+H2O, which are abundant on Mars.
Or at least the closest thing to magic that exists in the real world
If South Padre and/or Brownsville would like a Starship prototype, we can send one over
This is true. The economics are not yet compelling where housing and utility costs are low and property taxes are high.
Allows homeowner potential to go completely off grid
Production article will look different (better)
Closest we got was about a month. The Model ramp was extreme stress ; pain for a long time from mid to mid . Production ; logistics hell.
Thanks, Tesla team is the strongest its ever been ; doing an amazing job! Honored to work beside them.
Yeah, I think you do great work
Will have no choice but to depart councils in that case
srsly
Its a good path for fully renewable rocket energy, so solves part of problem, but longer chain hydrocarbons than CH4 are needed to be solid at room temp
The strength ; perseverance of the people of Tesla, despite facing extreme difficulties
Hopefully working in Caribbean by end of . Def by .
Doesn't sound right. If it is, we certainly need to fix it. Investigating...
Its so tragic that these engines just crash into the ocean every flight
FSD beta rollout happening tonight. Will be extremely slow ; cautious, as it should.
This doesnt seem right
Technology breakthrough: turns out chemtrails are actually a message from time-traveling aliens describing the secret of teleportation
It will be very insane
Thank you for your trust in the team. Greatly appreciated.
strongly net positive
This is kinda nutty for such a short distance, so could easily end up being shredded metal, but exciting either way
Even if a physical upgrade is needed to existing fleet, we will make sure all Model s having amazing braking ability at no expense to customers
Objectively, her track record is extremely biased against Tesla
Wow, someone has really thought about this!
Am hosting SNL on May
That is the goal. Our official name is actually Space Exploration Technologies. SpaceX is short form.
Whoa the stock is so high lol
Tesla makes cars for export in first half of quarter ; for local market in second half. As publicly disclosed, we are operating under extreme supply chain limitations regarding certain standard automotive chips. Most problematic by far are Renesas ; Bosch.
If youre in media ; dont want Pravda to exist, write an article telling your readers to vote against it
And one more thing, your father smells of and I in your general direction
Good suggestion
Prob to weeks
was a super tough year on all levels
Im killin me lol
Major improvements are being made to the vision stack every week. Beta button hopefully next month. This is a march of s trying to get probability of no injury above % of miles for city driving. Production Autopilot is already above that for highway driving.
Would also like to correct expectations that Tesla/SolarCity will need to raise equity or corp debt in Q4. Won't be necessary for either.
., are you aware that one of your senior journalists (Russ Mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
Well said! Please run for office. The politicians ; unelected bureaucrats who stole our liberty should be tarred, feathered ; thrown out of town!
Moving rocket to orbital launch pad
Aiming for relaunch in to months, pending detailed examination and X refiring of a returned booster
SpaceX Engineering
Starship halves being joined
And thigh high socks with pockets for lipliner ; cards
Coming soon
Underappreciated , will watch!
Mars, here we come!!
Thanks Richard!
Congratulations!
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there
Tesla data logging is only turned on with explicit written permission from customers, but after Top Gear BS, we always keep it on for media.
What is yours?
We will be a little below that this year (most challenging year weve ever had), but probably above that next few years
Dex will do comms, but my speeches are just a conversation w the audience. No time to rehearse ; don't want to read from a prompter.
Sandy Munro knows what hes talking about
Does seem a little weird
Def not ok. Just sent a reminder to Tesla stores that we just want people to look forward to their next visit. That's what really matters.
Which part? Love their cuisine. And the views are amazing.
Is this true ?
Thanks for letting me know
Best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. Makes a world of difference for pedestrians ; cyclists especially.
Congratulations on the Mach E! Sustainable/electric cars are the future!! Excited to see this announcement from Ford, as it will encourage other carmakers to go electric too.
Yup, it is super far. Moon is basically in our back yard relative to Mars.
Raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
That was our design approach in early days, but fairing mass is much higher ; stability of booster in ground winds is low
Sounds should note that it gets less shiny automatically due to dust ; weathering. This pic is brand new.
US govt testing by finds Model X to be the safest SUV in history by significant margin
Thanks PayPal for allowing me to buy back ! No plans right now, but it has great sentimental value to me.
Epic dog
Absolutely. This is just bad math.
Good review ; fair critique. In general with interfaces, all input is error. With each software update, the cars intuition will get better. You will need to press buttons less ; less ; it will know when to ignore accidental button presses.
Cause of hard rocket landing confirmed as due to slower than expected throttle valve response. Next attempt in months.
Announcing a revolutionary Tesla driving technology
Super fun software Easter eggs coming to all Tesla S/3/X cars before the holidays! Romance mode, toilet humor ; more video games.
Accelerating Starship development to build the Martian Technocracy
We considered going beyond Mad Max to LA Freeway level, but thats too loco
Maybe not medically tho. Dunno. Bad feelings correlate to bad events, so maybe real problem is getting carried away in what I sign up for.
All other car companies are allowed to manufacture *except* Tesla, you knucklehead. No wonder you got crushed by a computer the size of a pizza box.
Super proud of Tesla team for great execution ; support of Tesla customers greatly appreciated!!
About a minute in, we flashed a teaser pic of Tesla cyberpunk truck
This might be part of the problem: GM is warning owners not to charge their Bolts in or near their homes overnight
Yes
Never heard of them
Mars needs to happen soon
Craig Venter talks about flu vaccines and the Tesla Model S. Gesundheit!
November most likely
Unis3x
Saints Row IV was sickkk
Tesla Master Plan, Part Deux
For the record, I actually love trains, most subways and London buses.
Pretty much
Please dont call the manager on me, Senator Karen
Yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. Electric supersonic VTOL. Hard problem.
Potentially, times higher
March
Just that manganese is an alternative to iron ; phosphorus for scaling cathode production to several TWh/year
Keyword future
Except that isn't actually my house ...
In TX to make the case for allowing Tesla to sell cars. Pls come to Capitol Room E2.014 at :30!
roughly days
Were working on it
Haha ok
Maybe some debris ingestion. Engine data looks ok. Will borescope tonight. This is one of the outer engines.
Just a reminder that the Tesla Full Self-Driving option goes up by $1000 at midnight on Nov for all regions that have Smart Summon. Order your car online at .
Nice
Testing Starship heatshield hex tiles
A socialist
No choice. Entry velocity too high for a precision landing with N2 thrusters alone. Must have aero surfaces for pitch trim.
Stilton
It does require use of a paid-time-off day, which is true of many other holidays
Model S had the lowest probability of injury of any car ever tested by NHTSA, which is why ...
SpaceX engine production is gearing up to build about a Raptor a day by next year, so up to engines per year. Most will be the (as high as) ton thrust (but no throttle ; no gimbal) variant for Super Heavy. Cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as tons/year.
Great idea!
Just confirmed the Tesla DJ station works in Canada
Final design is looking Was just in the studio
. is not earning that R
Coming soon! Were working to complete the full Supercharger route from London to Shanghai.
This is quite a thorny hardware problem, as there are many diff versions of mcu ; autopilot computer ; supporting hardware. Cars last so much longer than phones! Hopefully able to upgrade mcu1 ; ap2.0 in a few months.
Reached parking orbit. Now coasting towards equator, where the upper stage will, if all goes well, restart to raise apogee
Ok
Ok
I have great respect for Kathy Lueders
Basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. Team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
Over time, all countries
That is the great question
In recent years, hours were much higher. Dont recommend though bad for health ; happiness. But no choice or Tesla would die. Hope to reduce to hours next year.
satellites deployed to target orbit and Falcon has landed back at Cape Canaveral. Headed to LZ-1. Welcome back, baby!
Incorrect. Chairman is an honorific, not executive role, which means its not needed to run Tesla. Will retire that title at Tesla in years. Mins edited out end of my sentence, where I said I could do whatever I want. They cut provided I have the support of shareholders.
UK order page will go live around May or
This is what I meant by D
Will try again next month
Starlink satellites active moving to operational orbits Laser links activate soon
Yup
Wow!
Im in the credits
Ok
Will do
No plans for aluminum pedals. Adds too much production complexity. Model will def have summon, which will get way more advanced for S ; X w HW2 Autopilot ; all Model cars.
Agreed, were ramping up service centers ; Tesla mobile service worldwide
Probably some deliveries in March, but April is more certain
Someone else thought of an electric blower first? What!?
Full Self-Driving video
yes. This seems instant from a human perspective, but it really a fast fire, not an explosion. Dragon would have been fine.
years ago, SpaceX server room was named Skynet as a joke. Fate irony.
Impressive analysis
Thank you
Propellant stays same, but almost everything else improves. Fundamental goal is minimize cost per ton to surface of Mars.
Tasty food!
Will be full regen cooled all the way out to the meter (10 ft) nozzle diameter. Heat flux is nuts ; radiative view factor is low.
Not currently in V10, but will try
Yes, with the SpaceX rocket thruster option package. It will be safe, but very intense. Probably not wise for those with a medical condition same as a hardcore roller coaster.
Even bending it requires a deep score on inside of bend, which is how the prototype was made
Yes, provided no metal particles in paint
But consider it real. We could unveil Model Y anytime from late this year to mid next year, so March is about right.
Initial production will be motor variant, with independent, ultra fast response torque control of each wheel
Solar array deployment successful
Using ber to order a Tesla Model S with and
This is how we will view fossil fuel cars
Exactly
Exactly. Overheat protection is always on, but you can also tap maintain ; your car will hold a cool or warm temp for a few hours while parked.
What gave it away!?
Starship Fully Stacked
Yes!
Too much the moral arbiter of the world
Haha
Yup
Yes, V10 will include several games ; infotainment features, improved highway Autopilot, better traffic light ; stop sign recognition ; Smart Summon
About right, but dangerously chuggy ; risking bad things at %. Well keep it above % for this flight.
Worth watching . The AI would be in the network, not the robot, but otherwise good.
Bloomberg TV features debate of vs some guy picking his nose
Beenz, Beenz the musical fruit the more you eat the more you toot
Probability at % ; rising rapidly due to new architecture
I sure hope so!
The simulation really struggled to make this look real haha
Model partial permanent magnet induction motor, especially with silicon carbide inverter, is so efficient that it outdoes two induction motors. If we could decouple forward induction motor to avoid spin losses, then range of dual might be higher, but thats a lot of complexity.
Probably
Yeah, there are literally &gt;1000% more cameras than years ago, but still zero clear photos
Because I was a dumb idiot and didn't realize at the time that it would cause confusion
Gentrify Mordor?
Parking lots are a remarkably hard problem. Doing an in-depth engineering review of Enhanced Summon later today.
Maybe rewarding to organize a barnstorming weekend for water filter installation?
Holding on solar array deployment until at least two thruster pods are active
Congratulations!
Georgia lifted lockdown days ago
Starlink is designed for low to medium population density, which means we can hit max users in some areas fast. Please sign up early to ensure a spot. As more satellites roll out, SpaceX will be able to serve more.
To be clear, I am *not* an investor, I am an engineer. I dont even own any publicly traded stock besides Tesla. However, when fiat currency has negative real interest, only a fool wouldnt look elsewhere. Bitcoin is almost as bs as fiat money. The key word is almost.
Ich mchte mich recht herzlich bedanken. Die Zukunft ist sehr spannend!
In-house
Touchdown: Vertical Velocity (m/s): Lateral Velocity (m/s): Tilt (deg): Lateral position: m from target center
Physics demands the impedance of resistance, because its not real
Its automatic
Avionics cables moving to steel pipe shields ; adding water-cooled steel pipes to test pad
Zuck doesn't (yet) have a deep tech understanding of AI. I spend hours every week being educated by world's best researchers.
Its a reasonable criticism. We wanted to make the awesome version of Model Performance more affordable, but it was arguably too much too soon. Taking corrective action
Excuse me, thats Mr. Bizznizz . Wheres the respek!?
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon ; depart for the .
Yeah, thats what Im talking about in that tweet double-layer Kevlar pressure pod with Teflon coating. Other approach is a long inflatable air sock. Both worth trying.
Baby Shark crushes all! More views than humans.
Working on it
Total coincidence! Also, booster height was originally m, but we eliminated a half barrel for manufacturing efficiency, so now its
Then Im going to build a moat ; fill it w candy. Warren B will not be able to resist investing! Berkshire Hathaway kryptonite
Well, being a phased array antenna, it is actually rather flat!
Snatched from the sky by Mechazilla
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
Yeah, weve been working on curbs a *lot*. Concrete seams too. So glamorous.
For those bad at math , X higher transaction volume with X lower fees means total fees earned stay same. Low fees ; high volume are needed to become currency of Earth.
Tesla will enable orders end of next week for dual motor AWD ; performance. Starting production of those in July. Air suspension prob next year.
Adding several more countries to Model order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing ; Ireland.
Great
Docs make good points
One of them may be in limited operation by end of year
Our custom TOPS in-vehicle inference computer, where almost every TOP is useable ; optimized for NN, far exceeds anything else in volume production, giving you the hardware you need to run sophisticated nets
Thanks for your support over all those years!
You are most welcome
This will be the highest power battery system in the world by a factor of . Australia rocks!!
My fav character
Will be interesting to see how this evolves over time
Sensible piece on status of climate change by
effective stereo by comparing data at various points in time while moving
It is approximately the size of a carrot
Anti-matter def wins on energy density
Headed to see Guardians w my bro and kids. Loved the first one.
Yup!
Promising call today with , maker of our radar sensor. Looks like significant improvements possible via OTA software update.
Her later years are debatable, but her early years are not imo. Britain went from dreary to Great again.
Ok
Since big car companies were killing their EV programs, the only chance was to create an EV company, even tho it was almost certain to fail
They are, although its kind low-key. Tesla Superchargers are being made accessible to other electric cars.
Yes
AMD has been great to work with!
Haha
Meant to say sanctimonious idiot
Nice
Depends on destination
Coming soon
SuperDraco rocket engine fired at full thrust w a printed Inconel chamber. Used for Dragon escape ; landing
With lasers
Plaid Model S ships next month
Sorry if weve been too dumb to respond to you. Please cite evidence of exceptional ability in a few bullet points. Nothing else matters.
I think last night might have been the biggest Rorschach test ever
Lori did a lot of good
Who controls the memes, Controls the universe.
We will ask the regulators
Only a tiny amount. There is enough air to affect the satellites ; allow some amount of yaw steering.
Over the entrance of
Thanks!
Looking forward to playing the game with my kids!
When sheets come loose all dignity is lost
Tricky one
Autopilot coming soon: curve speed adaption, controller smoothness, better lane holding on poor roads, improved fleet learning!
no
This *is* affordable mass transit, but better in that it takes you where and when you to go
Great work by SpaceX engineering!
Very high pressure air cold gas thruster
Based on current trends, probably close to zero new cases in US too by end of April
The youth love em
About to do next Starhopper flight test
Long list of mostly little items, but driving experience is significantly better. We will put notable changes in the release notes.
Was just rereading one of my favorites. So beautiful
Germany is a leading choice for Europe. Perhaps on the German-French border makes sense, near the Benelux countries
Our license applications are pending in many more countries. Hoping to serve Earth soon!
Have you read ? Its great!!
Transparent aluminum is a real thing!
Sure
Doge Barking at the Moon
You dont even need to touch the shifter in new S. Auto detect direction will come as an optional setting to all cars with FSD.
Maybe a month or so. Some finishing touches need to be done on the stations.
Absolutely
If you dont already know what a merkin is, dont google it. You have been warned.
Yeah, on its way (sigh)
If you're not concerned about AI safety, you should be. Vastly more risk than North Korea.
Yes, needs to drive best clear path. Lane lines are just one input.
More software improvements coming
No way
Sounds like Consumer Reports had a good experience with the Tesla Model S
No, just a mild cold. Same with my bro. Def had cov2 though. Pc&lt;20 means viral load of &gt;10 million per mL.
holding for issue resolution
He fears the
An underground Hyperloop would mean no disruption above ground and be way faster, so I think it is he right way to go
Forward moving wing
Its next-level
If you dont say anything ; engage Autopilot, it will soon guess based on time of day, taking you home or to work or to whats on your calendar
Spaceballs
We dont make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
So true
Feeling extra button
Merry Christmas
Great!
It gives me solace
Throttling is done by adjusting flow to the ox and fuel preburners. The lower limit of thrust is ox ; fuel turbopump injector preburner stiffness, essentially when do the preburner elements start flaming out.
No, its one integrated release
Blame Minecraft
Agreed, people have forgotten how much in-person events matter! Also, theres a lot to see. Its not just a presentation.
American Broomstick
Congratulations!
Model X numbers should also improve by sec on to and /4 mile
The pain will end
Cant wait to bring Tesla to Brazil. One of my favorite countries!
Improved FSD screen. Attempting to show the mind of the car.
Who likes short shorts?
No
Neil Armstrong was a hero to all of humanity. His spirit will carry us to the stars.
I like your tweets!
All systems remain green for launch at :30pm EST tomorrow
Seems to be some stormy weather over in Shortville these days
SpaceX thruster package will be subtle. Hidden behind license plate.
It would appear that the so-called fringe minority is actually the government
Thanks, important clarification. Tesla announcements are always about making product experience better. Market follows eventually.
Figuratively, literally or both?
Squid Game is Squid Game for ISPs
Its cool for kids ; if used in a fun way, but if you called yourself a rocket scientist in aerospace, they would think youre
Thanks Tyler
Yes
Yes
Yusaku will be bringing (brave) artists ; cultural figures with him on the journey around the moon!
I mean, ya gotta have a tiki bar
Somehow, this wasnt convincing
Sure hope that future doesnt come to pass!
Live by the sword, die by the sword
We expect to have over ~1200 to distribute this week. Getting them delivered, installed ; operating is the harder part.
Were working on allowing you to use your phone in car when you hear a rattle/squeak ; pinpoint origin by acoustic signature ; triangulation
The hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. Marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
Working on using existing Tesla radar by itself (decoupled from camera) w temporal smoothing to create a coarse point cloud, like lidar
Already started DC to NY route. Hopefully start LA to SF next year. That will be true w pressurized pods in near vacuum tunnels ; faster than jetliner.
Manufacturing is so hard. I have the utmost respect for those who build things.
Night mode with % brightness is actually too dark during the day. This is ultimately our fault. We will update our software so that % brightness is always usable relative to ambient conditions.
New Tesla Summon will ur
Hopefully next year
You will see the car very clearly, but some important elements will be added and some will evolve.
Exactly! A carbon tax is needed to correct the unpriced externality ; market will do the rest. The consequences of slow action are serious. In my opinion, we need to convert &gt;80% of the global road, sea ; air fleet to renewables by .
Barely a scratch. Back on the stand soon! Will report conclusions as soon as we know them.
Oh that would be fun. Will see.
Sorry it was cold! Dragon will have a food warmer ; free wifi next time
Small note: latch on post near base is gone ; powered Ethernet wire is less obtrusive in production version
Next time, we try pull *up* method
is for ogecoin! Instructional video.
Max thrust at lift-off is million pounds or metric tons. First mission will run at %.
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option ; advanced download selected in vehicle software settings
Gas lit by gas light
Exactly. A journalist who publicly expresses love for ; parties in Vegas with a prominent shortseller of any given company should disclose this when writing articles.
Basically, our entire product roadmap is from Spaceballs
Nothing against all the oatmeal-raisin cookies out there. Just be yourself.
Dragon Crew Arm. Astronauts will walk this gantry to enter Dragon ; depart for the .
Im dropping a new album
/4 of the way around the Earth
Yes
Uses high pressure bleed off the fuel side (RP-1 kerosene) turbopump, so no dedicated pump or fluid needed
SpaceX needs to demonstrate more progress with Starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
Will do a Reddit AMA on Mars in the next week or two
BGII was amazing
PG;E says rolling blackouts expected in California for next years!
Going to early access (including all who bought FSD) Tesla owners in US next week. If US early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. Might be some delays in EU for regulatory approval.
lb towing capacity
Exactly. There are many states where we are not allowed to sell cars at all or are severely restricted to literally one store.
Launch postponed to tomorrow due to high winds at the Cape, but Dragon still inbound from orbit in mins
Thanks for mentioning. Should be enabled on all loaner cars.
Tesla Full Self-Driving
Couple months, but V1.0 of Raptor Vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. Isp maybe to sec.
Am noticing that many people think Model is the "next version" of a Tesla, like iPhone vs . This is not true.
Screening of Baseball in the Time of Cholera (dir: , prod ; me) at WME July . hosting
Just want to emphasize this is the work of hundreds of awesome engineers in both software ; hardware, over data analysts ; billions of owner miles
Yes, it was specifically designed to pass that point
Beautiful fireworks in LA tonight
Come work at the biggest ; most advanced factory on Earth! Located by a river near the beautiful Sierra Nevada mountains with wild horses roaming free.
Also, there could be long period comets that intersect Earth right now. We just havent observed them during humanitys (very short) recorded history. Comet S-L punched a roughly Earth-sized hole in Jupiter.
Sure
You forgot to add the video version of their response
Maybe today if were lucky
Tesla solar glass roof orders open this afternoon. I think it will be great. More in about hours ...
Dry electrode is a key piece (one of many pieces) of the puzzle for lowering cost of lithium batteries. That said, it has required an *immense* amount of engineering to take Maxwells proof-of-concept to high-quality, volume production ; were still not quite done.
That is actually rolling out to all Model X's right now
Fair enough
Launching many small satellites for a wide range of customers tomorrow. Excited about offering low-cost access to orbit for small companies!
Nice
TOPS for Xavier. Pegasus is just Xavier with a power hog GPU on a separate board. Problem is you cant transfer data fast enough between computer ; GPU, so GPU usable TOPS is almost irrelevant.
Next step for Loop is demonstrating high throughput at high speed. Target is vehicles/hour at mph (250km/h).
I wrote the lyrics ; performed the vocals!!
Expansion to Madrid already underway. Map is being updated. All of Spain ; Portugal by end of .
Yes, we are essentially a steward of life ; duty-bound imo to ensure its continuance
Thankfully not. FSW is very difficult to get right ; not needed with steel.
They used to have butt bellows for blowing smoke up your along the Thames River in London
Quantum mechanics was harder than all my other courses combined, but so incredible
We will try. Preferable for Tesla too, as they last so long. Unlike other makers of cars, our goal is *not* to profit from service. Best service is not needing service in the first place.
Thank goodness for modern medicine!
Over time, since we give all employees shares, my ownership is diluted automatically. From the first financing round, where I owned ~60% of Tesla to today at ~20%, it has declined by a factor of .
Horizontally
Goal for Model S is to show that electric is way way better than gas. Combine w solar power ; the future looks bright.
Was wondering what those were
Cool
Can I retweet this in cropped form?
Fixing
Thats Damian
We will see what data review says in the morning, but this may have been a test configuration mistake
Haha sure
Theyre being driven around in limousines, so they cant grok it
If you have autonav enabled, car will automatically navigate either to address in calendar, to work if youre home ; to home if at work. Not sure if thats in wide release yet, but def in early access. Its an awesome feature.
Yeah
Change your horn sound to , , or holiday jingles with latest Tesla software update!
I super support public spaces around our production ; launch sites, wherever it can be done safely and securely. When covid passes, we will open up our restaurant to the public ; figure out ways to allow limited access to the High Bar.
With no advertising ; no paid endorsement
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free
Both sites will make many Starships. This is a competition to see which location is most effective. Answer might be both.
Relatively speaking
Exactly!
They are in fact being deorbited haha
Yeah, Atlas main engine is Russian. Great engine, but not US. Also, their fairing is Swiss. I think interstage ; payload separation system also not US.
Because people on the ground know more about whats actually needed than politicians do
Lot of Raptors coming through! Now operating both horizontal ; vertical firing stands in McGregor.
Were going to try. Side boosters come back to Cape, center core lands on droneship. Latter will be coming in v hot ; fast, so dicey.
Youre most welcome
Now, this sort of nonsense happens all the time with government contracts ; everyone knows it. However, in this case, it is money diverted from making life multiplanetary, which is the goal of SpaceX, vs the ULA goal of maximizing dividends to Lockheed ; Boeing. Not ok.
I wish!
Thats actually our restaurant, but SpaceX is building a futuristic bar at the top of the high bay with degree windows ; a glass floor looking down on the rocket factory
Turn on Starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible
Soon, Mechazilla will have arms!
For sure wise for elderly or immunocompromised to take the vaccine. Some debate about the second jab though. Quite a few negative reactions to that.
Ahem
And some vitamin k too
We want to do so, but import duties are the highest in the world by far of any large country! Moreover, clean energy vehicles are treated the same as diesel or petrol, which does not seem entirely consistent with the climate goals of India.
Solar power w batteries will be the primary (not exclusive) means of sustainable energy production
Same with Berlin
Once upon a time, we were all just hydrogen in a vacuum
Auto dealers trying to pass a law to enforce their monopoly in Ohio ; prevent consumer choice...
Coming soon!
Good point
I wish there were more
Once you add the vintage record player, it's all good
SN10 is in Valhalla now
Tesla, as a side project, is building RNA microfactories for CureVac ; possibly others
Good article. I started The Boring Company as a joke, but now its digging real tunnels!
Theres a puck at the base that takes the engine thrust load. Dont shuck the puck!
Still blows my mind that this is real
elevation too
Probably middle of next year. Focus now is on getting out of Model production hell. More versions = deeper in hell.
Were changing this from storm watch to disaster watch to cover fires, earthquakes, etc
Competition is good. Results in a better outcome for all.
Starship Launch Site
Ok, but the sloths kinda had it coming "Humans Blamed for Extinction of Mammoths ; Giant Sloths"
We need to make sure ship wont break up on reentry, hence deorbit over Pacific
Yes, last flight for Hopper. If all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for Raptor.
CleanTechnica summarizes new print cover story
Needs to be more than halfway to east coast
Yeah
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their year history!!
ft tall mobile crane to carry the rocket around in the vertical
Announcement of new strategy tomorrow. Tesla owners will like this.
I wish
spacex's photo
Russia has great rocket technology ; talent. Much respect. Would encourage focus on reusability. Single-use rockets cannot be competitive any more than single-use aircraft.
Actually, China manufacturing quality is excellent. Among other things, that's where iPhones, many Android phones ; most laptops are made.
Enough already on my plate ; Teslas. Maybe one day will do a prototype. Those are relatively easy. Volume production with high reliability ; low cost ; passing all regulations is X harder.
Would be good to look up electricity rates by location ; optimize cost automatically
ULA would be dead as a doornail without the two launch provider DoD requirement. If this is not true, then you wont have a problem removing it. Your parent company, Lockheed, darkened the skies with lobbyists to ensure F-35 was single source. Seems a little inconsistent
Raptor now operates routinely at bar main chamber pressure
S and X cells are also Panasonic
After Starship returns from orbit
Natrlich
Looks like st bit of water is close enough to entrance to be pumped out. nd ; rd would need battery packs, air pumps ; tubes. If depth of nd is accurate, would need ~0.5 bar tube pressure. Prob need to enter tube, zip up ; then transit.
CureVac, Moderna ; a few others. Tesla makes the machine CureVac uses to go from known gene sequence to trillions of lipid-coated mRNA strands.
Jupiter is big
Its true
Exactly
Deep lore
Replacement rate is , so roughly generations, but lets try to avoid this!
Sure
Super Heavy on road ; th Tower segment added
Thanks Jim!
Cool, were both born days after /20 haha
The fun police made us do it (sigh)
And finally
Tesla software team is working seven days a week to complete testing and validation. Getting close.
Oh you guys ...
Awesome!
And thats just the tip of the iceberg
All frames stitched to single frame (tricky, as all cameras overlap in different ways) ; then creating video segments for labeling ; training. Everything from the labeling tools themselves to training to inference had to be rewritten.
Well-written and fair, much like his articles on space
Depot haha
Wish there was something we could do to help the people of Syria.
Worth reading Human Compatible by Stuart Russell (hes great!) about future AI risks ; solutions
uh oh
Yeah, Reveal was carefully constructed propaganda with a name that wd make Orwell proud. Workplace injury rate of our factory when it was UAW w Toyota/GM was twice as high as todays non-union.
Yeah, but first we need to finish Giga Berlin and a second US Giga to serve eastern half of North America
No way mins is enough for abs. I mean, come on, mins is obv right.
Teslas will soon talk to people if you want. This is real.
Moonbow's are real, btw. I'm not on acid Here is what we saw:
Yes
This is a pretty awful lie. I left South Africa by myself when I was with just a backpack ; suitcase of books. Worked on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan ; a lumber mill in Vancouver. Went to Queens Univ with scholarship ; debt, then same to UPenn/Wharton ; Stanford.
It is both alarming ; explanatory that you run a psych ward
Article in re Tesla sales is incorrect. September was a record high WW and up % year-over-year in North America.
Model S is already there
NERV
Good analysis, although a bit conservative imo. However, using a high upper bound for land area thats *still* a tiny % of the US prob helps convert some naysayers. That giant fusion reactor in the sky called the sun outputs a truly staggering amount of energy!
It is extensively tested in the lab and in the Tesla test fleet. However, there is no substitute for real world experience.
Just learned that my physics prof from Penn is head of Fermilab ; still has some of my old homework
Great work by SpaceX parachute engineering! The Crew Dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. The Apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
SpaceX reprioritized to cyber defense ; overcoming signal jamming. Will cause slight delays in Starship ; Starlink V2.
I believe I can fly
Good summary
Headed to Tesla Fremont factory tomorrow to help with vehicle deliveries
I try so hard to help them
Due to inflation has gone up by
But, essentially, the spinning things
Highly likely down the road
Only a little taller, but much bigger base ; two gantry cranes that run full span
Starbase, Texas
Exactly. Still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
Yes. Block is the final upgrade of the Falcon architecture. Significantly improves performance ; ease of reusability. Flies end of year.
Excited for future of solar at Tesla!
Thanks for fixing
Am in Yellowstone at an Oxford style debate about women and society. I'm in favor
Falcon Heavy at the Cape
Haha awesome
Thats certainly our impression, but its an old version of Tesla software, so effect is limited
Should mention that I will be interviewing people personally and Autopilot reports directly to me. This is a super high priority.
Where are you going to march?
My first prediction of has come true: ouch, my head hurts.
Pretty much. We place high value on simulation too, but nothings as weird as reality!
Raptor uses milled copper channels with an inconel jacket all the way down
Local supporters will be invited!
True. Anyone paying attention to the rate of improvement will realize that Tesla Autopilot/FSD is already superhuman for highway driving ; swiftly getting there for city streets.
Yes, safety should improve significantly due to autonomy features, even if regs disallow no driver present
It was a beast compared to the VIC-20
It can dig up almost anything.
Engineers, artists ; creators of all kinds. There is so much to build.
Haha actually true
Yes, the Gigafactory is the hardest ; most critical product
Fly to most places on Earth in under mins and anywhere in under . Cost per seat should be
True
Looks good, but so many details need to be right. Journey back from hypersonic becomes extremely difficult as velocity increases. Altitude is easy, velocity is hard.
Haha
Meaning less than a century. But this would be pretty intense.
Consider an ice skater. Same weight, but spins/turns much faster with arms in vs arms out. Same principle is true for a car.
Also, you can request any service from the Tesla phone app in under a minute
One million
Bold move
Its just me writing, so the foolish things I say are entirely my fault
Congrats!
To carry people
One day we will be there to see for ourselves
Gary (the snail) is a speed demon. Long way to go before we beat him/her.
yes
Possibly Excession, but Id recommend reading Player of Games ; Surface Detail first. Theyre all great.
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for /7 clean energy ; no blackouts at
Model S ; X also have an acid gas filter, an alkaline gas filter ; a carbon monoxide detector that autoswitches car to recirc mode. We should prob tell people about this more. Filters are giant, so too big to fit in Model .
It's much easier to do the CGI that way
If this launch succeeds, we will have put up satellites
The only publicly traded stock I own is Tesla
Needs improvement
Model is literally the most made in America car in well of course America
Naturally
My a capella cover of Amish Paradise is irresistible
Me too
Sole meunire
cgi irl
New Boring Company merch coming soon. Lifesize LEGO-like interlocking bricks made from tunneling rock that you can use to create sculptures ; buildings. Rated for California seismic loads, so super strong, but bored in the middle, like an aircraft wing spar, so not heavy.
Sure, although it might be quite a short livestream! Lot can go wrong, but well provide video, warts ; all. You will see every frame that we do.
I think it will reach
Youre making my point. Its tragic that theres a national nano day. I wish I didnt know that.
Yes
The Swiss police are smart. Electricity vs diesel ; maintenance more than make up for purchase price diff. Plus, the bad guys will def not escape. Thats worth a lot
Model S drivetrain warranty increased to infinite miles, applies retroactively ...
Actually true haha
I love Art Deco
Were trying to simplify product complexity, so only offering white (technically black ; white) interior in high volume markets
!freespace
Considering
Btw, that cloud is almost entirely steam, including dark parts (like a storm). This is what the launch looks like:
That would be cool
Congrats! Shopify is great btw. Nice work.
Absolutely
And um ... not trying to brag or anything, but I think I look good for
Heart goes out to people of central Texas, home of SpaceX TX. All resources at disposal to help in any way.
Maybe Thursday
yes
Yes
Intent of new Tesla Roadster is to beat gas sports cars on every performance metric by far, no exceptions, thus transferring the halo crown effect gas cars have as the top speed leaders over to pure electric.
days after /20 again haha
Yes, already planned. We avoid use of certain lower Ku frequencies specifically for radio astronomy.
Me ; other private money funded Tesla for first years, got IPO+ govt money for , now paid back. Yes, carbon tax would be a better way.
Good one
True
Great name
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. Its insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you
In theory, it saves landing leg mass ; enables immediate reflight of an otherwise unwieldy, giant rocket
Flying over Starbase
Physics facts
About secs after starting engines, martyte covering concrete below shattered, sending blades of hardened rock into engine bay. One rock blade severed avionics cable, causing bad shutdown of Raptor.
People should push to have as many moderates advising the President as possible. Blind hate is never the right answer.
Great game
Dont kill what you hate, Save what you love
However, China's real estate crisis will explode in a way that makes ours look puny. They can't hide it for much longer.
Indeed
You can tweet to Tesla, me and/or get something upvoted in message boards
Tesla owners in the greater Giga Texas area will get priority, so yes
Another milestone
Normal
Some years away, but yes
Great video. Couple notes: Raptor designed for subcooled CH4/O2, so propellant density ; thrust increase up to ~8%, as needed for mission. Isp ; up to % thrust/weight improvement over time. Merlin thrust/weight doubled from V1, but Raptor is closer to optimum.
Pretty accurate simulation, although SN8 will use Raptors. If SN8 craters, SN9 ; SN10 are close behind. High production rate allows for fast iteration.
Probably Monday
Definitely
If Zedd is kind enough to send me a list, it's on
Some parts will use L, as it has higher toughness at cryo temps. Will move to internally developed alloys probably end of year.
Yes, just that the permitting process is slow
We should always be concerned about the welfare of children ; those who cannot protect themselves, wherever they may be, but it seems much of the reporting on this issue has been partisan ; often inaccurate
We can probably just repurpose Model HVAC parts. Not a big deal.
Godzilla vs Kong is so amaze much wow! Most insane movie Ive ever seen! Love letter to conspiracy theorists! And yet heartwarming in the end.
Looks so sus when we paint cars red
This person blocked me, so cant read the tweet. Whats their deal?
Deep Rain neural net coming soon. Were not trademarking any other Autopilot neural nets, just this one, because rain is deep.
Yes
Was using this in my car last night
The challenges of operating at Starbase left us with no choice but to put engine production in McGregor
V important: pure solar subscription is guaranteed to be a net money-maker for the homeowner or Tesla will take the panels back. Adding Powerwall negatively affects economics, but gives homeowner power protection in event of a blackout.
although to be fair, I dig my own grave a lot
door is larger than opening and acts as an umbrella. Upper interior trim has hydrophobic coating.
Probably not wrong
Looks like Starhopper flight may be as soon as Monday. FAA support is much appreciated!
Ability to stream YouTube ; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats ; surround sound audio.
Probably . Depends on regulatory approvals.
We have a very talented team
I fried a lot of neurons on that problem!
Sure, will aim to do this next week
Good to see this. Splitting interstage into sections will have some challenges, but could work.
Very similar. The crush core in the Falcon legs is reusable after soft landings, but needs to be replaced after hard.
Over k cars or ~$14B in preorders in first week. Only % ordered max of two, suggesting low levels of speculation.
Great
st firing of Falcon -R advanced prototype rocket. Over M lbs thrust, enough to lift skyscraper
Model body design could def be less complex, but, yes, most of weight difference is due to higher safety vs other cars
Love this image of Dragon docked to the Space Station as it orbits through dark side of Earth
Might work
Checking
My gf is mad at me
Ive actually been living in a ~$50k house in south Texas for past years, not Boxabl (cool product tho). Feels more homey to live in a small house.
There will be an optional tow hitch.
The ship rings are thicker than they need to be (for now), so same thickness works for booster ; ship for hoop stress. Booster lower tank will have longitudinal stiffeners to prevent buckling.
For those wondering, I will pay over $11 billion in taxes this year
autosteering chutes will be added soon
Pop music has both literal ; figurative Stockholm Syndrome
k
Haha actually true
Tesla batteries are lasting much longer than k miles / k km
about three weeks and it will get rolled out incrementally in monthly releases
Also, it can be used to supplement cameras on outside of vehicle, as it can see through nd side windows ; rear window.
My favorite new feature is the always-on max temp control for keeping kids and pets safe from overheating.
Bravo, right thing to do! Short selling should be illegal.
Cybertruck does feel like cgi irl
Good point. Probably next week in form of a written piece on SpaceX website.
Thats about right. Maybe a little faster.
A lot of my brain space is spent dealing with both units!
Wow, its been years since we started at Boca!
No, probably V10.1
We are a pattern of atoms
Absolutely. This is just bad math.
th flight ; landing for this booster
Not sure, but maybe a few months. In general for any region, we need to make software work well, test it extensively ; then get regulatory approval. If we could go faster while being safe, we would!
Full test duration firing of Raptors on Super Heavy Booster!
True
I like humanity
Under Paris deal, China committed to produce as much clean electricity by as the US does from all sources today
We were too dumb
I just hope this game doesnt twist itself to tedium out of fear of being canceled
Yes
No, just literally having toast ; jam while playing Jamming
Tesla team will verify
Cool!
Winning worst person Ive ever worked with is not easy. Some real champions are vying for that title!
To be clear, consumers will still be able to buy a Tesla, but the clearing price will rise significantly, as a fully autonomous car that can function as a robotaxi is several times more valuable than a non-autonomous car
Nice
Congratulations SpaceX Team!
I sure hope thats not true at Tesla or SpaceX!
Launch can be viewed live from Cape causeways or via webcast around :30 local time on Monday
Just saw that on a T-shirt competition
Yeah, most reflights ever!
The outer ring of booster engines (20 of ) have no TVC actuators. Steering control comes from center TVC ; differential throttle of outer engines. By any measure, the high thrust variant of Raptor will probably have the high T/W of any engine ever.
we could enable that, although the cameras use grey, grey, grey, red detection, so it would look a little greyish red
Starship Team
We dont. The media is reporting someone else saying that Tesla advertised. It is untrue.
Busted
Try saying bug report. Might work better. Ironic if the bug report about bug reports isnt working
No amount of money can defy physics
Starhopper
Winter in snowfall is so beautiful
Will build batteries, powertrains ; vehicles, starting with Model Y
What city?
Burry is a broken clock
Good point
Black-Scholes formula is kinda bs. Big difference between a finance approximation ; fundamental physics / pure math.
The audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the AF
Wow
Whoop Whoop!!
I hope a cybernetic interface is ready in time. Symbiosis, irrelevance (hopefully blissful) or doom seem to be the three most likely paths.
Physics favors full flow
Starlink will be great for any sparsely populated areas with expensive or little to no connectivity!
Earth should be called Water
Sponsored articles
He is the sensor!
For now
Fixed. Now it's good.
Agreed, were ramping up service centers ; Tesla mobile service worldwide
Tesla factory rn
Sure, but which planet?
They remind me of these guys
Ich habe an der Universitt ein Semester Deutsch studiert. Ich wnschte ich knnte es besser sprechen!
Addressing epilepsy is likely one of the more near-term applications
Flying car pros: travel in D fast. Cons: risk of car falling on head much greater, noisy, grounded in bad weather
Orbit is hard. Best wishes for landing ; swift recovery to next mission.
People sometimes forget that a company is just a group of people gathered together to make products. So long as it makes great products, it will have great value.
That would be cool
Depends on destination
Cyborg Dragon Tesla almost done
Dual Motor Model S with Autopilot
Sure, will aim to do this next week
This is a very important action by China. Avoiding a trade war will benefit all countries.
End of year
True
Whoa cool
Directly, my companies employ roughly people. However, there is a massive global supply ; logistics chain that employs to times that number.
Just use this handy guide
We can prob reduce width by an inch ; maybe reduce length by + inches without losing on utility or esthetics. Min height is below inches when air suspension set to low. Will post exact number soon.
Joe Mode is the best mode
Sure. Have to do it on Mars from beginning. Will ultimately do that on Earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
Crossing S-curves standard for tech transitions
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay. Only just got back from Gigafactory. Will be at our Fremont factory in the morning. Tesla team is going all out.
Leasing a Model S takes mins online, no signatures ; one tap on car center screen to accept when delivered
The most ironic outcome is the most likely
Congrats to Tesla team on Model winning best midsize car in Germany!
Another fine day in the simulation
Yeah, maybe
So much respect for those doing high volume manufacturing. Its insanely hard, but you make a real thing that people value. My hat is off to you
Words are a very lossy compression of thought
Nothing if not discreet
Tesla Supercharger network now energized from New York to LA, both coast + Texas! Approx % of US population covered.
All these different standards for electricity are a tax on humanity
Changing Tesla horn sound to
One word: Doge
Yes, that would be the best way to do it. A large solar field or reactor is needed for power, and then some ice mining droids or long maneuvering drills are needed for the H2O. These are probably the trickier bits.
I highly recommend the new all glass roof on the Model S. This was very hard to develop, but it makes the interior feel amazing.
Progress is accelerating
Thanks!
unNERVing
Might very well be
Perspective
Renewable energy passed coal in April
New model for evolution of intelligent life suggests probable emergence billion years ago near galactic center
Even connectivity at my house in Silicon Valley sucks!
About mins from flight attempt
Exactly
Yes
Thanks Lex!
Sure
Hes still sleeping
Net of gas savings, a Tesla is $550 to $600/month with down payment taken care of by tax credits. Maybe less costly then it first seems.
True
Yes
Makes sense
I had majority control for the first years or so of Tesla, but car companies need lots of capital, so now Im around % or so, despite putting in as much as I could along the way
Parasite
Should finish trans-Canada this year. A stop in Swift Current for sure!
Exactly
Race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing ; each would count as a win
Moving the Tesla announcement to Wednesday. Needs a few more days of refinement.
May be initiated not by the country leaders, but one of the AI's, if it decides that a prepemptive strike is most probable path to victory
There are a ridiculous number of false positive C19 tests, in some cases ~50%. False positives scale linearly with of tests. This is a big part of why C19 positive tests are going up while hospitalizations ; mortality are declining. Anyone who tests positive should retest.
Fallout New Omaha
For sure
Pronouns suck
That would probably mean civilization is doing great, although depends on assumptions for inflation haha
I was just there about a month ago
The operating costs of a Tesla are also much lower than a gasoline cruiser!
It can transform into a robot, fight aliens and make one hell of a latte
Do EV owners use V to G a lot in Australia?
Fun!
Falcon before launch
Most people have no idea, even though there are so many FSD progress videos posted. Munro understood right away. There will be a gap before the next release, but then it will be a step change better. Tesla is solving a major real-world AI problem.
Starship steel decision came first. We were going to use titanium skins for Cybertruck, but cold-rolled X stainless is much stronger.
It will in an upcoming release later this year
Stonks
st long duration firing of the new generation Falcon rocket ~1.5 million pounds of vac thrust
Lana
Fair point. Back to regularly scheduled programming.
Wearing anything at all is just a conspiracy by the capitalist running dogs of Big Underwear
CB radios are free from govt/media control
Voters should call their elected politicians now to make it clear how they feel
If static fire on Mon, on Tues
Maybe on Starship? Its def got the payload capacity
Next update
This is false. Eyetracking rejected for being ineffective, not for cost. WSJ fails to mention that Tesla is safest car on road, which would make article ridiculous. Approx X better than avg.
These are V1.5 Starlinks with laser inter-satellite links, which are needed for high latitudes ; mid ocean coverage
Higher hardness, higher strength ; doesnt cost crazy money for ~3mm skins
Long-term, there will be thousands and eventually, hopefully, millions of missions ; anyone will be able to go
This is the revolution in medicine
Has to be blue steel
Big line at the barbershop
Will do
Rage, rage against the dying of the light of consciousness
Easier said than done. There is a lot of pressure from investors. It is hard not to feel super bad if u don't make ur qtr.
Coming home
Only very high resolution radar is relevant
Deep cut haha
am def '2"
We could have gamed an LA/NY Autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with Tesla Full Self-Driving will be able to do it too
Next landing attempt will be rd launch from now. Tonight's flight and following one will not have enough propellant.
Yes, I postponed publishing in order to present the updated interplanetary rocket ; spaceship design in Adelaide. Will be on the final day.
Happy birthday Wikipedia! So glad you exist.
Yes
Of spaceflight
Ultimately, yes
Almost there, plus much improved web browser
Pretty close, actually
Aiming for next week
Should be nationwide rollout by end of month. Note, still limited by peak number of users in same area. This will improve as more satellites are launched.
Also
Haha
Love you too
Good point
Thats a great idea!
Apply light force to the steering wheel. Alert is being changed to this text.
There are already satellites in orbit, which people notice ~0% of the time. Starlink wont be seen by anyone unless looking very carefully ; will have ~0% impact on advancements in astronomy. We need to move telelscopes to orbit anyway. Atmospheric attenuation is terrible.
Yeah. Maybe following individual journalists ; citizen journalists is better than publications. The Onion may be the best mainstream media source. Hard to figure out whats actually going on in the world!
. It has always been my dream to produce a low cost, compelling electric car. We are to years away. Wish it could be sooner.
Partly
Centaur with a bow obviously
Yes
Ok
months maybe, months definitely
Yes
Woohoo, Tesla direct sales petition passed the k threshold! Thanks a lot to everyone that helped!!
Starlink vertical on the pad
Not sure. Maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
Ok
Yeah, its one of my favorite T-shirts!
Yes, probably ; partially
Im staying at a friends place in Florida that is % powered by Tesla Solar Roof + Powerwall. When grid power goes down, air-conditioning automatically turns off in some of the house. Computers ; lights dont even flicker. Owner says he doesnt notice.
Availability varies by region due to regulatory approval delays and/or Tesla internal development ; testing. Note: word Beta is used to reduce complacency in usage ; set expectations appropriately. All software is first tested internally by Tesla simulation ; QA drive teams.
Thank you for the lovely letter. That sounds like a great idea. We'll do it!
Am reading Robert Massie's book on Catherine the Great. Yeah, I know what you're probably thinking ... did she really f* a horse?
NFTs are jpeging the dollar
It really is all about the journey!
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving!
I have trouble understanding any other motivations tbh
Yeah
Yes, they are!
Scheduled for March release, along with many other improvements
Will post video next week of designing a rocket part with hand gestures ; then immediately printing it in titanium
Classified as a URO, unidentified road object (from Area )
Exactly! Woohoo!!
NHTSA confirmed today that they found no safety concern with the Model S suspension and have no further need for data from us on this matter
So many war stories over eventful years! But Starship can make life multiplanetary, which is what really matters for safeguarding the light of consciousness ; life as we know it. X improvement over Falcon/Dragon.
This was *extremely* difficult. Huge props to Tesla engineering, supply chain, production ; key suppliers.
Time. Although it also turned out to be dramatically better.
Giga Berlin will have worlds most advanced paint shop, with more layers of stunning colors that subtly change with curvature
Carl Sagan
Exactly
Long lasting battery + fast recharge &gt; pack swap
Getting some regulatory pushback. May not be available in all regions.
This is a major overhaul on almost every level compared to V7.
We will add one more PTO day after the annual review next quarter
Caution strongly advised with SPACs
Would be a good move. Needs to include put options ; synthetic shorts.
What you think I do
But then I get paid less
Absolutely
Its Not a Flamethrower, Mr Escobar
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite
. team would be so honored to fly this for !
And Tesla Gigafactory is steadily becoming self-powered by solar
Where are the %*&gt; aliens?
Tesla Autopilot was literally named after the term used in aviation. Also, what about Autobahn!?
Luck is the best superpower
Yes
Wikigenius
These guys are either shady, or both. I mean seriously theres a long list of companies to pick on before Tesla
How many gene sequence changes to Covid-19 before it isnt Covid-19 anymore? OG Covid-19 ended a long time ago.
Haha how is this even real?
The best guide by far!
Doubles as an underground nuclear shelter
So many things you want ; some you didnt know you wanted
True
Maybe I'm misinformed, but I was told that % of parts must be locally sourced and the supply doesn't yet exist in India to support that.
Yes! Were labeling bumps ; potholes, so the car can slow down or steer around them when safe to do so.
Congrats!
It pretty much looks like this
Austin now, but back at Starbase tomorrow
Logs were downloaded for NHTSA and NTSB. Identical copies to all.
Tesla blog coming soon detailing what actually happened on Broder's NYTimes "range test". Also lining up other journalists to do same drive.
Fun, little music tool coming later
Currently over Australia
Welcome back to run the communications team!
String theory
Will see what we can do. Really need to bring this program to an end while being as fair as possible. Its not sustainable long-term.
Time lapse video of rocket roll out Now hours mins to lift off...
already taken care of
While perhaps obvious in hindsight, it turns out that the only way to solve self-driving is to solve a big part of real-world AI. That is what Tesla is doing, both in hardware ; software. Unless a company is good at AI with tight compute, its hopeless. This is insanely hard.
These also have laser links between the satellites, so no ground stations are needed over the poles
Many exciting things will be unveiled on Battery Day /22
Yeah
When searching for parking, the car reads the signs to see if it is allowed to park there, which is why it skipped the disabled spot
Especially for boost stage, which is volumetrically constrained, CH4 is way better than H2. Soviet CH4 engine prototypes from s were very advanced. Glad to see reusability is being factored in.
Enabling basic Tesla Autopilot via Tesla in-app purchase is reduced to $2k until July
Lets go boyz!
I suspect many besides SpaceX will livestream these flights. Wont be subtle.
This is true. Also, Tesla employees get health insurance, stock ; other benefits.
Theres a bit more to it than that
yes
Yes
Candy is coming
This has a lot of potential. Lithium is pretty much everywhere.
The body panels will actually be laser cut!
Creating the production system is &gt;1000% harder than building one rocket. This is the truly hard thing.
ur welcome
Increased tire pressure improves range. Also, if you have performance tires, they are stickier. Better handling, but slightly lower range.
Definitely
Hh
B-nut
SpaceX commercial launch market share went from % in to % in . Despite massive subsidies to Boeing/Lockeed, they have never won a fair competition against SpaceX for several years.
Drone hexacopter takes pic of drone ship OCISLY on station in the Atlantic
For sure moon st, as its only days away ; u dont need interplanetary orbital synchronization
Civilization is only ~5000 years old
Were doing ok for a bunch of monkeys. Humanity rocks!
Theres that too. Deaths should be broken out as died with vs died of.
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for /7 clean power ; no blackouts!
Can you do a fast antibody test?
Bajirao Mastani
Interesting interview with Vinge about superhuman AI and optimistic apocalypses
cute!
Then look a little closer, doctorow. Read the whole thread.
Deleting throttle allows the engine to achieve max thrust on max thrust variant. Other variants will have throttle.
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Everything is compressible, but liquid compression at these pressures is not significant. However, the tanks do expand under pressure, creating a bit more volume. Keeping propellant super cold has a big effect on density of ~10% in case of CH4.
Set of all math jokes that are actually funny is pretty small (sigh)
There are no aliens. Officially, at least
Action will follow recognition soon thereafter. Also, call will listen for sirens ; alarms.
Launch in mins
Sure
While (!castle) {brick++};
No cross feed. It would help performance, but is not needed for these numbers.
Baby X is just like this haha
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August
I love Dieter
That special hat delivery will take place deep within the real, but fictional (of course), tunnel we are building under LA while you drive the giant machine blindfolded. This will actually happen.
Earnings call next week, then Supercharger week after and then... the mystery announcement/demonstration
This is important
Cool
Gwynnes awesome. Been SpaceX prez for years. Super love working with her.
They are incorrect. We never met, nor have we ever been scheduled to meet.
This is without the Tesla NN computer. Per my public comments, that will give the car an extra order of magnitude.
Thanks Shervin!
Very sensible
One of the best shots ever!
Thats where we get most of our lithium. Also, whereas phone batteries make heavy use of cobalt in cathode, Tesla uses primarily nickel, which is trickier, but has better energy density (range). Iron cathode cells are now competitive for stationary packs ; mid range cars.
How many futures are there actually?
For sure more than one pass coming back to Earth. To Mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
Sorry about that. Thanks for letting me know. Will get it fixed.
Yes, and then Occams razor is actually third most likely
Basically current, but higher throttle setting. Good performance of recent launches allows us to reduce sigma reserve margin.
It is taking longer than expected to make the upper stage not expendable (sigh)
Given how hard insanely FSD is, I think it may take years or more before any company besides Tesla solves it
True, cost of operating a Tesla is much lower than other cars
Regarding the watch, Jony ; his team created a beautiful design, but the functionality isn't compelling yet. By version , it will be.
Hospitals in California have been half empty this whole time
Part of the factory is being upgraded, but tours will continue around the parts that arent
Bitcoin cures cancer
Good point. Yeah, we will do that for the bigger locations.
Good question
Exactly
Once again, I must recommend
Doge holders using Binance should be protected from errors that are not their fault
Starship will be crushingly cost-effective for Earth orbit or moon missions as soon as its operational ; rapid reuse is happening. Mars is a lot harder, because Earth ; Mars only align every months, so ship reuse is limited to ~dozen times over to year life of ship.
Opposite is true: you can have s of layers of tunnels, but only one layer on surface (to first approximation), therefore trains should be on surface, cars below
Whats amazing is how non-linear the effect of gravity is. Starship can travel by itself from surface of Mars to surface of Earth, but requires massive booster on Earth with orbital refilling to get to Mars, which is ~38% of Earth gravity.
That's exactly what I thought. Love Half-Life.
hot pot
Starbase will grow by several thousand people over the next year or two
Doge spelled backwards is Egod
Here is the latest SpaceX travel ad for the flight around the moon ; into deep space. Maybe needs a few edits ...
When even someone in California, home of Silicon Valley, needs Internet so bad that they bolt a Starlink dish to the hood of their car, you know theres a serious unmet need!
Looks familiar haha. Nonetheless, the right move. Congrats to Rocket Lab.
Nice
Not in current plans, but that may change
This mode will show pic of moth ; play the smiths
Please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
Can't make this stuff up: : hah and that's the name of a fire extinguisher
Going to a barn raising!
This is false
True, the Model S is still a great car. Was driving SN28 a few months ago and driving feel was excellent. Model S remains my fav car to drive.
Exactly
Had to been done ur welcome
Finishing Autopilot blog postponed to end of weekend
Unless we get there and find it isn't enough. Just won't be before B.
Putting that on my LinkedIn for sure
High res video of landing from the helo
Bizarre anti-environment move by govt of California
This may sound crazy, but asking real people what theyd like in a product is a great way to meet their needs
We are a mobile cell colony
Maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. Will check.
Tesla
Just saw this today. Tesla refunds in general should be easy to get electronically ; certainly through customer service. Will he addressed.
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms
Milady, my shield is yours
Great leg room for rd row, rear visibility better, easy storage of long cargo.
She seems cool
Great Voltaire quote, arguably better than Twain. Hearing news of his own death, Voltaire replied the reports were true, only premature.
My kids love "The Lost Planet" by . Now on a rare second read!
Its made of a special dark foam thats extremely radio transparent, so as not to affect the phased array antennas. Looks a lot like a car sun visor.
Choc milk is even better than people remember. Its incredible.
of course
Truth
Sorry
Most people have never heard of Nikola Tesla. That will hopefully change over time.
Beta button will request permission to assess driving behavior using Tesla insurance calculator. If driving behavior is good for days, beta access will be granted.
Once we can predict cash flow reasonably well, Starlink will IPO
Once you have rapidly reusable rockets of sufficient size to carry &gt;100 tons of payload, it is not clear that cost per ton to orbit/moon/Mars improves with a larger rocket. Aircraft, for example, have moved away from /A380 to , which has ~100 tons of payload.
The resolution of the universe is not smaller than Planck length
Yes
Edgy move
Haha
Rocket Rd, Hawthorne CA
Yeah, control algorithm is safe, but unpleasant. New one is even safer, but super smooth.
Ok
Going well. Team is kicking ass ; its an honor to work with them. Pretty much everything had to be rewritten, including our labeling software, so that its fundamentally D at every step from training through inference.
Coming soon
Noooo
Were working on ventilators, even though I think there will not be a shortage by the time we can make enough to matter
It is heartening to see the rise of individualist vs corporate media
A simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
And futuristic diner / drive-in theater planned for Hollywood area!
Repairs almost done on the spaceport drone ship and have given it the name "Just Read the Instructions"
It will parallel park automatically ; have degree cameras ; sonar
Remaining tiles are on their way!
Gary the still crushes us! Wouldnt be fair. But TBC might give him a run for his money next year.
Wow
Yeah, just use a dryer outlet. High power, easy to install ; low cost.
My D char was NG
Likewise was just listening to Go Flex ; Psycho on playlist
We simplified this a lot. Its basically just Teslas in tunnels at this point, which is way more profound than it sounds.
Try explaining it to a -month-old thats hard!
Who, me?
Tragic case of ego/ability&gt;&gt;1
It is total BS ; hurtful to claim that I told a guy to miss his child's birth just to attend a company meeting. I would never do that.
Same hex tiles, slightly different mounting method. Need bigger sections of tiles to see how they hold up with cryo shrinkage, pressure expansion ; body bending.
I only invest in companies I help found or to help a friend or a cause (no return expected for latter two)
Thanks for your support! Looking forward to delivering the goods for you.
Dragon approaching Space Station
Yeah, I mean seriously wth!!
Sorry
Raptor has a very high chamber pressure, which in turn allows for a large expansion ratio nozzle without flow separation at sea level
Three Raptors on a Starship
Glad you like it! Sorry about the trouble earlier. Helpful feedback for improving the car!
Haha, good catch. Booster will have fixed legs that add ~2m in height.
Yeah, they were a little off the mark
Absolutely
We must pass The Great Filter
Good point
We will offer multiple display options
I am against import duties in general, but the current rules make things very difficult. Its like competing in an Olympic race wearing lead shoes.
Welded steel
For sure
Its not exactly symmetric, but it will come with HW3 upgrade long-term
All Tesla vehicles come with cabin overheat protection
High velocity reentry (2700 lbs/sqft) appeared to succeed, but, as expected, not enough propellant to land for this and the next mission.
Asimov was
You're right. Politics is a no-win situation. Somebody is going to hate what you say no matter what that is.
It was misinterpreted by Rolfe at WSJ as a fundraising effort. Neuralink is not seeking investors.
To carry people
Reminder that US federal tax drops by $1875 for any Tesla delivered after June . Order online at .
Actually, were on SN30 for Raptor
Yeah, exactly
Extremely misleading image, as doesnt reflect true time cost to people or rain ; pain
Btw, not saying we *should* nuke Mars -- just layin' out a few options
Moreover, energy produced by Tesla solar deployments far exceeds energy used in our factories
Out of curiosity, I acquired some ascii hash strings called Bitcoin, Ethereum ; Doge. Thats it. As Ive said before, dont bet the farm on crypto! True value is building products ; providing services to your fellow human beings, not money in any form.
Margaritaville is one of my fav songs
I have that exact art on the wall of the place I stay in Boca Chica!
SpaceX in south Texas ; Tesla in central have been providing direct assistance where feasible (eg save cold turtles ; help power the water treatment plant). Please let us know if we may be helpful in other ways.
A little red wine, vintage record, some Ambien ... and magic!
Sure
Literally
Total Eclipse of the Heart
To be clear, SpaceX is supporting a student design competition for STEM, not trying to build Hyperloop itself. Other cos are doing latter.
As always, Tesla is looking for hardcore AI engineers who care about solving problems that directly affect peoples lives in a major way.
No longer waiting for Godot. It has begun boring and just completed the first segment of tunnel in LA.
Obv must be more pointy tho
I tried to warn them
Will publish Hyperloop alpha design by Aug . Critical feedback for improvements would be much appreciated.
If we create a city on Mars, Earth-Mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
Not needed, but will be very useful on Mars due to light speed latency
Well tweak the alloy over time, so it wont exactly be , but close
i love all u crazy ppl out there
Announcing formation of
Tesla holiday software release being tested with internal owners today. Broader rollout starts tomorrow evening.
No irony or uhh "shade" meant here. T's character is excellent and well-played. Worth seeing.
Voters should call their elected politicians now to make it clear how they feel
Congratulations Tesla team ; thanks to all the new Tesla owners!!
Guaranteed to make any party more fun!
It will still be very intense, just slightly less than in the past
Thanks!
Interesting premise. I will read it.
These articles in Space News describe why Ariane vs : and
Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery enables consumers to be their own utility
Great review! Neuralink is open to working with neuroscientists to advance the field. Short-term goal is addressing brain ; spine problems. Ultimate goal is symbiosis of human ; machine intelligence.
Bought based on your review. Its great!
Unlike bees, who are experts in millinery
k
bro
One of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. Version sometimes took days.
Tesla brake lights are powered by a miniverse inside a microverse
We poured our heart ; soul into it. Lot of hubris too, but no regrets. Faberg egg of cars.
We should be much more worried about population collapse
S/X HEPA filter is one of my favorite features
Youre welcome. Thanks for buying a Tesla!
Feedback received. Restoring white interior.
What is love?
Exactly. Wouldn't let anyone invest more than a token amount in early rounds of SpaceX and Tesla, as the probability of failure was &gt;90%.
Yes, it will have huge nuts haha
I should clarify that is an independent website. We don't have any control over the content.
Most likely. It is programmed to do so.
You never know
None of the above
Nothing to be done, but wait. It's all right here:
Will do
I paid most of my Tesla-related expenses too. Tesla last year was actually net negative comp for me.
Yes
Giga Berlin-Brandenburg county fair ; factory tour on October!
To be clear, CtG absolutely did *not* bang her horse. They were just close friends who liked to take showers together and spoon at night.
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.
Yes
Haha
How about baby pink?
Neuralink product demo in hours. Webcast at .
Ahem
Sure
Agreed! Were not super far, as Magic Valley Utility can give us almost all wind-power, which will be used for LOX (78% of propellant mass)/N2/argon distillation. Were also aiming to increase solar power from MW to MW, paired with Tesla Megapacks, for continuous power.
Seriously. How long must this go on?
At least % of my tweets were made on a porcelain throne
human kind
Fair piece by Stoll
Absolutely
Aargh!!
Such a privilege to work with people I like ; respect so much. I feel blessed.
of course
Just released lower cost, mid-range Tesla Model ; super simple new order page
Weve had about or so cars testing internally in Canada. Hoping to go wider this weekend.
Science is simply rigorous pursuit of truth. Quality of reasoning is all that matters, which means a ten-year-old could be more correct than a physics Nobel Prize winner.
You dont hear much about element
Mostly C/C++, Python ; SQL
Which country? There is a % import duty, ~20% VAT (US prices dont include sales tax) and about $2000 in extra shipping cost, but it shouldnt add up to $25k.
Major Supercharger openings in west LA coming soon!
Holman Jenkins ; WSJ in general are sock puppets of big oil
I aspire to comedy
Walking on a Tesla Solarglass roof is definitely no problem!
All S/X cars made in recent months have actually been above stated EPA range. Will be unlocked soon for free via software update.
Probably. Either that, simulation, great filter or they are very, very subtle.
Same
Its true
For aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. Flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass ; pressure.
Baby Yoda
Every time Alexa laughs, an angel dies, so thank goodness
Top feature request for sure
Yup, deleted
Yup
Speed will double to ~300Mb/s ; latency will drop to ~20ms later this year
You really want waypoints this much?
Gigafactory in units of hamster
That would be a nice touch
That would be unwise. Probably needs a restraint mechanism like Disneys Space Mountain roller coaster. Would feel similar to Space Mountain in a lot of ways, but youd exit on another continent.
types of people in the world: those who understand binary ; those who dont
However, we did prove that a SuperDraco landing could work by doing a propulsive hover
Starship aspires to be the first fully reusable orbital launch vehicle, the holy grail of rocketry. This is the critical breakthrough needed to make life multiplanetary.
Protagonists created over half a century ago dont count
We have extra FDA-approved ventilators. Will ship to hospitals worldwide within Tesla delivery regions. Device ; shipping cost are free. Only requirement is that the vents are needed immediately for patients, not stored in a warehouse. Please me or know.
Tesla does not advertise or pay for endorsements. Instead, we use that money to make the product great.
Small amount of isopropyl alcohol (cleaning fluid) was trapped in a sensor dead leg ; ignited in flight
Hard to believe that is high efficiency solar power seamlessly integrated into beautiful roof tiles. Great work by SolarGlass engineering, Giga NY factory ; Tesla installation teams!
Whoa cool
Maybe one day
Yes
WSJ has been laboriously negative for over a decade. I'm surprised they haven't bored their readers to death by now.
Haha
Exactly. Seems crazy to risk the CO2 chemical experiment when we have to find another solution anyway.
We are going to modify this so that people only pay a fee if most bays are occupied. If the site is basically deserted, no problem to park.
Turns out hobbits are enormous
The scene where Brian is saved from the Romans by falling off a tower into a spaceship is the best Deus Ex Machina moment of any movie ever
the money
Sorry for the inconvenience. Were aware of this glitch ; its fixed, but software updates wait for a WiFi connection. Policy has been changed to push updates like this over cell connection sooner.
I know sigh. Those are truly a work of art.
Recode interview with and via
Renewable energy is happening fast
A major part of real-world AI has to be solved to make unsupervised, generalized full self-driving work, as the entire road system is designed for biological neural nets with optical imagers
Tower with Knight is across road from SpaceX, looking at rocket
September will be interesting
With that, Ship is basically begging for an extra engines
Impressively accurate analysis!
Heading back into the factory, so thats enough for now. Dont take my Tweet too seriously. For one thing, its called a Tweet.
Ok
Between the trees and the forest floor, its like a giant mural, continued the veritable High Priest of the Harvest Season, adding that he would soon have to rake his driveway, an activity for which he will most certainly don a cashmere scarf.
Dragonship Endeavor
Sure
Frankly, much of the stimulus money is questionable, but this much to oil ; gas seems especially so
However, when self-driving cars become safer than human-driven cars, the public may outlaw the latter. Hopefully not.
Theres so much power going through this engine that its close to the limit of the known physics of materials in many places
This will actually be able to fly very briefly. I always laughed at flying cars ; now making one. Fate irony haha.
Thank You for Smoking
That would be great, or possibly via video with full access to telemetry
Many people negatively affected by this policy are strong supporters of the US. They've done right,not wrong ; don't deserve to be rejected.
Not SpaceX
Thats how I feel when I see dabbing
y
It can, but the attachment fixtures are different from standard F9 ; they werent ready in time
Woohoo
Das baby kann noch keinen lffel benutzen
Stage Zero
Releasing to Early Access Program Tesla owners next week
obv
You're welcome!
Center engines gimbal to degrees
The sun is absurdly, overwhelmingly the source of energy in our solar system
FEAR is best imo. Also Dead Space . They will haunt your dreams.
Yup, we are extending the net area by a factor of
Power will increase on all cars. Top speed on P increases to mph. Range on RWD increases to miles.
This is a test engine. Flight articles are fixed with no gimbal.
ft so far. Should be miles long in three or four months and hopefully stretch the whole N-S corridor from LAX to the in a year or so.
Will trace back inertial measurements ; wheel movements to exit multilevel garage, unless car was teleported into position, in which case all bets are off
No
Lame
Munger is right
Ich habe ein Semester Deutsch an der Universitt studiert usw
Much has changed
Had the most amazing kebab ever just outside of Tacheles. Too bad that place got torn down. It was awesome.
Encounter in
We are honored to be part of the team
Sounds great riding my cyborg
Yes
Sydney is such a beautiful city
~Q4
Yes
If a severe global recession were to dry up capital availability / liquidity while SpaceX was losing billions on Starlink ; Starship, then bankruptcy, while still unlikely, is not impossible. GM ; Chrysler went BK last recession. Only the paranoid survive. Grove
This thread summarizes situation perfectly
HW2 Autopilot now downloading to all HW2 cars, but in non-actuating mode to assess reliability. If looks good, actuation by end of week.
Haggerty actually admitted to NYT that he told his staff to slow down Tesla for reasons that had nothing to do with health. Unreal
Haha
We will start rolling out FSD beta in Canada cautiously in next to weeks
Not really my letter (no authorship contribution). Just agreed to add my name when they asked.
About % of Tesla, incl salaried ; hourly, union ; non-union were let go in annual review. Only known union person fired was a guy who repeatedly threatened non-union supporters verbally ; on social media ; lied about it.
Tesla policy is to charge the same price (+ taxes ; shipping) everywhere in the world
No, it means I created jobs for people directly and, through parts suppliers ; supporting professions, ~250,000 people indirectly, thus supporting half a million families. What have you done?
Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earths surface
Really exciting announcement coming on Thursday. Am going to put my money where my mouth is in v major way.
means cute water
The S-curve appears to be entering the logarithmic phase
Same
Yes
Any observation of Schrdinger changes Schrdinger
Landing in the fog
Its like looking in a mirror
Long-term, the car will work purely on vision, with radar just a plus, but maybe worth adding a radar heater anyway
This does seem high
Add to more Raptors for Starship point to point on Earth. You can go surprisingly far, even with low lift/drag. This was an unexpected result.
Like tears in rain
Mythic Quest is MTTD
It was definitely aliens
Densifying hydrogen is difficult, as its liquid temp is close to absolute zero. Much easier with CH4, which is an underappreciated advantage. Cooling O2 is good too, but becomes operationally difficult at N2 liquid temp, as air is ~78% N2. Entire system wants to drip air!
Starships to Mars
Just met with the crew in Florida to congratulate them in person. Such great people!
Penguin Random House should change the name to Random Penguin
Wearing black not recommended
Sure
Putting together SpaceX rocket landing blooper reel. We messed up a lot before it finally worked, but there's some epic explosion footage
Same bot, just change setting to combat
Probably something notable to announce in a few months
Great move
What would you like to talk about?
Very accurate!
Disney restricted us to US only
Launch underway
Do you want Tesla to accept Doge?
Wow
Yes
Um yes
True
While on the subject of AI risk, Our Final Invention by is also worth reading
Ok
sounds like the right name for the rocket booster
If you don't like the P100DL, you can give it back
Reveals wheels?
August th, either at Cape Canaveral or Boca Chica
The hardest joke ever
Youre saying a BBC reporter who attacked me for months w unprofessional language ; ad hominem attacks, then deleted those tweets to hide them, is a good person?
k Cybertruck orders so far, with % choosing dual, % tri ; % single motor
Nanotech *is* bs imo. When you take something that has nothing to do w gender ; make it about that, you devalue genuine gender issues.
All questions will be answered on Battery Day, Sept th. Will be webcast, although there is much to see in person.
Yes
Last known state for rocket boost stage is m/s, Mach , km altitude and roll rate close to zero (v important!)
Haha so true of rocket engine development
Wake up sheeple! - sheep
I agree with Lex
Tesla P85D (assembled in Tilburg) beats hp MacLaren from to km/h in Dutch magazine test
Once had a Great Dane named Hamlet, because Hamlet was a great Dane
Aiming to have hot gas thrusters on booster for first orbital flight
Super Heavy rocket will be much like Falcon , but the Ship is a strange combination of Dragon, F9 ; a skydiver.
HG2G
lot of circumstantial evidence for that hypothesis
I apologized. Do you stand by your guillotine statement or not?
Hello, Im Clark Kent
Fixing this is a high priority
Many in America don't realize how proud they should be of the legal system. Not perfect, but nowhere is the cause of justice better served.
Change out a few parts, otherwise fine
will definitely do so
S is better, but rear seat folds down in Model , so bikes can fit in trunk
Selling weed literally went from major felony to essential business (open during pandemic) in much of America ; yet many are still in prison. Doesnt make sense, isnt right.
Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery backup for /7 clean energy ; no blackouts at
Limited edition short shorts now available at
My Mom wrote a book
Ok
Wagnerian
Mk1 ; Mk2 ships at Boca ; Cape will fly with at least engines, maybe all
Literally
Cells ; FSD are massive, the rest is just beauty ; romance but life is empty without those last two
Tesla exists to help reduce risk of catastrophic climate change, which affects all species on Earth. Even if your faith in humanity is faltering, this is worth caring about. Support makes a difference. Thank you.
Phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. Live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
Hyperloop pod run by team WARR
Just announced new Tesla D all-wheel drive, mile range car for ~$55k (after gas savings ; incentives)
About weeks
You mean install the external speaker on earlier cars that dont have it?
On a lighter note, the RHCP are f* awesome. No better way to bring in the New Year...
Cumulative mass to orbit per year (corrected for GTO ; other high energy orbits) is the best comparative metric imo
Model X as it should be shown
I know its a little off-brand, but kids love it
Video training ; inference is essential for excellent autonomy
Technically, his bro
F8 irony
This is an opportunity for RH to outdo CB!
Meant to say is render speed. Frame rate is locked.
About mins from flight attempt
story tall rocket, traveling several times faster than a bullet, backflips ; fires engines to return to launch site
No, were focused on developing new products ; scaling production
Rocket fairing falling from space (higher res)
Yup
Reply to : Our avg speed was ummm a little too high. Got a ticket at mph on I-5. We need the Autobahn in CA!
LA-SF-Reno/Sparks would be great. Tesla logistics costs for Sparks-Fremont (batteries ; motors) and Fremont-LA (finished cars) are gigantic.
A background in AI is not needed, just exceptional skill in software or computer design
Were working closely with EU regulators ; hope to clarify the timeline soon
For sure. This is both great ; terrifying. Everything weve ever sensed or thought has been electrical signals. The early universe was just a soup of quarks ; leptons. How did a very small piece of the Universe start to think of itself as sentient?
Yeah, there are thousands of Supercharger locations going through permitting/construction, including that area. Will publish an updated map in the next few days.
Mars sky is the opposite of Earth Blue sunrise and sunset Red during the day
Chomsky is the Iago of socio-economic theory ; Piketty is his docile puppet
Time
Still working with RDW, the car regulatory authority in Netherlands. Unclear why theres a delay. Other countries are supportive.
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Some kind of ELO level, updated once or twice a year based on what someone actually got done, might be most effective. Important that it go both up *and* down.
They will
It all comes full circle
Recovered from water, but undamaged
all u can
Yeah, full name of engine is Velociraptor or Raptor for short
That is how I feel about it
Coming soon
Tesla will support FSD licensing by other manufacturers
July!
Solar roof unveil now at :30pm sharp (need daylight, for obvious reasons) California time tomorrow.
This will look so awesome!
Starship test flight rocket just finished assembly at the Texas launch site. This is an actual picture, not a rendering.
Probably have slots for up to engines, but can decontent as needed. Starship update after Hopper hover.
Yes, detailed review of the first orbital Starship, explaining the pros ; cons of each design decision
Yeah, weird
Both
Ok fine, that was good haha
Maximizing conversion of mass to aimed photons (pure momentum) is actually the highest possible efficiency, which is why an antimatter drive is probably the best way to get to other star systems with known physics. For close stars, a laser sail is good too.
Levitt is right
Exactly. He plays the poor inventor card, but was rich all along ; invented nothing (as far as I know). I went down to zero cash or sellable assets in /2009, had no house ; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent.
Critical test launch before flying astronauts is green for Jan
What ants must feel like
All four. Zone throughput was solved a couple of weeks ago.
Close-up of rocket stage separation, fast flip, boostback burn in a ring of fire and then
We will use a catapult ; air mattresses to land on the roof, then base jump off
Infrared video of Falcon rocket reentry captured by tracking cameras
If you get past Mars, the asteroids, moons of Jupiter ; Saturn, inevitably you reach Uranus!
True
A lot.
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store
No more stalks. Car guesses drive direction based on what obstacles it sees, context ; nav map. You can override on touchscreen.
Mason jars with a handle or wine stem cause me to lose faith in humanity
Very convincing! Ok, Boca it is. We should have Starship Mk1 with Raptors almost ready to fly by then.
Ships are probably fine with iron cells, but aircraft need very high energy density for good range. Im not saying Tesla will do aircraft we have our hands full with cars ; solar/battery power generation just that max energy density is needed for aircraft.
OG Hipster
Arguments, followed, of course, by complaints
A step in the right direction
yes
can't wait to see the costume
Model X is an extremely difficult car to build. Most complex passenger car ever. Limiting factor is interior trim.
Its a step in that direction
Chip has temp sensor ; automatically maintains safe temp
Solar + Powerwall battery ensures that your home never loses power
Watch Countdown on Netflix about Inspiration4 mission launching today
I have great admiration for Johns engineering ability! What he did with Armadillo was incredible. Ive tried to convince him many times to join SpaceX, but he has always declined (sigh).
Will run v high res at fps. Cuphead doesnt need k.
Bet the other carmakers didnt see that one coming haha
Definitely. We gave up some grip ; width in exchange for range. Would recommend stickier tires ; wider on rear for best performance. You might get sec -60 mph or better with optimized rims ; tires.
Contact Steve Davis at Hyperloop.com
Primarily aluminium with hot-stamped boron steel reinforcements. B pillar has a glass overlay.
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
A US
Accurate distance calculation using only vision is fundamental. Other sensors can help, but are not fundamental.
Absolutely. Am super appreciative of Tesla shareholders. Will ensure their prosperity in any scenario.
Knock, knock, singing telegram!
Tragic. Will send Einhorn a box of short shorts to comfort him through this difficult time.
It finally almost doesnt suck
Great meme review hosted by Will Smith
If its happening to me, its happening to others. Im getting PCR tests from separate labs. Results will take about hours.
Yup
You dont hear much about element
SN26
Spoiler alert: not Porsche
C19 testing in the US over the past week has grown much faster than C19 positive cases. I think we may have passed the inflection point for US cases (excluding NY) already.
Tesla Megapack batteries will help stabilize the grid this winter
Hopefully start serving Africa early next year
Model Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at , but lots of other EVs available:
Yes
You dropped this
My Shiba Inu will be named Floki
Many ways to solve this problem, but the power requirements are much higher than aircraft control surfaces. When moving giant body flaps rapidly, achieving high power is much harder than high torque.
He became a big fan of methane, but was not pushing it initially. That came from me reading about Soviet methane engine tests that got over Isp. At that Isp, a subcooled methane stage gets slightly better delta-V than a hydrogen stage.
Self-hatred
What blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber ; nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over bar or ~12,000 psi
Yes
Space Jam shouldve won the Oscar
R2D2s Dad
Chomsky is the Iago of socio-economic theory ; Piketty is his docile puppet
Stop sending me this
Needs a few more days of validation, then early access, then wide release
Starship launch tomorrow. Window opens at am.
I agree. We are fixing this plan. Updated map coming soon.
A petition to allow direct sales of cars by manufacturers: Please vote here too!
This bill needs to be revoked. It gives absurd power to county bureaucrats.
Blimps rock
We have to truck to departure rail head ; truck from arrival rail head, which is usually from customers. Car gets moved around rail yard a lot too ; trains dont leave often.
Exactly. There is no possibility of retraction, but there is possibility of modification. It's just a non-zero possibility. Don't know more.
Waiting for Falcon Heavy to launch means high cortisol levels. This is our toughest rocket launch ever.
This will probably get me into trouble, but I feel I have to say it
That's probably the best use
One day soon, I will wear this outfit
Exactly
Yup
They are often right, but, in this case, we have already retired so much R risk on Dragon , that I feel very confident of .
Tunnels
Maybe we used too many magenta spotlights
Soft spot for olde Roadster
Absolutely
We really need better legs for Starship. Theyre coming.
Stop sending me this
Chairs are underappreciated
Im dying to
Future feature
tons of propellant, almost % of which is densified liquid oxygen
So good!
True, although it will look clean with close out panels installed. Raptor has significant improvements in every way, but a complete design overhaul is necessary for the engine that can actually make life multiplanetary. It wont be called Raptor.
Haha
Sure
Seriously! Obviously, Im not going to do an April Fools joke about going bankwupt if I thought there was any chance it would actually happen (sigh).
That said, I do not actually see the checks (changed that policy today). A nominal annual amount goes out automatically to both parties to maintain dialogue. I have given vastly more to humanitarian causes.
Liquid oxygen
Not sure yet
Absolutely!
Interesting
American Broomstick
His PhD is in literature (really), presumably bad fiction
Literally, if you type jazz hands, iOS shows this emoji
You can
Misunderstanding of what "beta" means to Tesla for Autopilot: any system w less than B miles of real world driving
Whats technology?
Using a neural net to detect rain using cameras (no dedicated rain or sun sensors). Computers are very patient.
We just need enough height to test body flaps ; drawing propellant from headers vs main tanks. Will do several flights to confirm working well, then add heat shield ; go high Mach.
No, were just going to accelerate BFR
million miles per day
If things go perfectly, all three rocket booster cores will come back and land. Sides back at the Cape, center on the droneship.
Good point
Ok
That has always been our goal
Were accelerating opening up configurator/order page for more countries. Sorry, lot on our plate!
Cats, probably not tbh
Agreed, should be $3k less to get to FSD from EAP
To be super clear, I don't wish to (nor could I) mandate anything about a Mars Colony. Am just working on the tech to get people there.
Our NN is initially in Python for rapid iteration, then converted to C++/C/raw metal driver code for speed (important!). Also, tons of C++/C engineers needed for vehicle control ; entire rest of car. Educational background is irrelevant, but all must pass hardcore coding test.
Model Y (compact SUV) off Model chassis. Tesla Bus/Minibus/Spacebus off Model X.
Maybe
Instead of research suggests, I suggest warlocks say
Tesla Service Centers ; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe
He plays golf a lot
Haha true
Ok
Korolev was amazing
New Jersey auto dealers subverting democratic process to try to block Tesla sales
Joe Rogan describes Tesla for mins ; secs
Your policies are directly responsible for the outrageously high insurance premiums paid by Californians
Only heard about this today. Sounds like the wrong thing happened on many levels. Will investigate and make it right.
Exactly
Thanks for taking us through this today. Hopefully, such horrors will never again be repeated in reality.
Gamestonk!!
Spaceship has departed from the International Space Station. Firing thrusters to deorbit in ~30 mins
Update probably in Q2. Cybertruck will be built at Giga Texas, so focus right now is on getting that beast built.
Couldnt agree more major software improvements are already in place to extend its life ; more coming
Instagram comments are coding in emojis
its it is
Strange
That would be awesome
In a few years
Lil X is hodling his Doge like a champ. Literally never said the word sell even once!
Definitely not a logo of any kind
Alexander and the Rise of Hellenism and Film Studies
Jack is doing his best. I support him.
Some good guessing by . The Tesla Minibus will be built on a Model X chassis. People density potential is surprisingly high.
Gentrify Mordor?
Yes, coming soon
Might take a bit longer to get through regulatory approvals. Likely September.
Tesla gets top rating of any company in service. Most important, CR says % of owners expect their next car to be a Tesla (the acid test).
- Everything on the Internet is true! - Externalize responsibility! - If you are able to do this, buy crypto!
One rocket, slightly toasted
Wise words from Gary the Bot
Not enough ignition fluid to light the outer two engines after several three engine relights. Fix is pretty obvious.
Thats one of my tests!
Starship launch ; catch tower
California time
Tunnels!!
Petra and Mars
Yeah, Tesla app would enable you to release your car into the fleet ; summon it back at will
Agreed. Are these performance tires?
They have the best coin
Would love to be there this year. If not, definitely next! India
SEC disclosures, etc
We dropped the ball badly regarding new Model X production ramp ; still havent fully recovered. Was idiotic to stop production of old X in Dec when there was still plenty of demand!
Peak temp increases due to climate change
The white seats are actually extremely stain resistant. You can spill red wine on the seats ; just wipe it off.
Hopefully, in March. Checking
Sorry for the delay on V2.X! We just couldnt get it all done in time.
Initially, single plane, but hopefully multi-story later this year
This engine needs to be X lower cost. Order of magnitude change is good reason for a new name. What really matters is not yet another advanced rocket engine, as there are many such devices, but there has never been a cheap (&lt;$1000/Ton-force) rocket engine. Not even close
I was just up there. Elevator on the other side. Floor is in, glass coming soon.
mph is common on the Autobahn. Even with only offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to mph.
Yeah
This was way past leg loads. They got squashed hard.
Friday afternoons are usually Tesla design studio time. Cybertruck will be almost exactly what was shown. Were adding rear wheel steering, so it can do tight turns ; maneuver with high agility. Lot of other great things coming.
Only thing almost anyone would notice is the nose
No way. Look at chemotrophs and extremophiles. Primitive life is bloody everywhere. Highly under the ice on Europa imo.
sec -60 mph is base model before adding rocket thruster option
A Speedraptor is a Velociraptor with no sense of direction (thats how you can them apart)
SN8
No
Working with engineering team to figure out best way to do upgrade without crushing service team. Will start doing upgrades in volume in a few months, coincident with more FSD features being released.
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of m dome rotation ; Starship airframe behind windbreak.
Blue too
This needs to stop
The more autonomous a car is, the less dash info you need. How often do you look at the instrument panel when being driven in a taxi?
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is /7 clean power with no blackouts.
I think we will see people on Mars in less than years. to years most likely.
Love this design. Simpler the better.
A lot
Yes. It will be the highest output ; most advanced rocket engine factory in the world.
I love Norway, which is the world leader in EV adoption! Great example for the rest of the world.
Cuphead for Tesla coming out in August
Population collapse is potentially the greatest risk to the future of civilization
Almost ready to release highway autosteer and parallel autopark software update
Sure
Mass of initial SN ships will be a little high ; Isp a little low, but, over time, it will be ~150t to LEO fully reusable
Libertinarian
Pretty close
Yes, last flight for Hopper. If all goes well, it will become a vertical test stand for Raptor.
Compilers can be way better too. Not enough effort spent there.
Moving to an enclosed (fairly) clean room environment for SN2 in Jan, although, unlike aluminum, stainless steel welding is not super sensitive. Our main issue here in Boca is that it can get very windy, which affects weld arc ; steel melt pool.
Godot Full play
Not bad
Lori, this is ridiculous. Creating a rocket company has to be one of the dumbest and hardest ways to make money. If it was about money, Id just do another Internet company.
Solar has come a long way. Now just needs lots of long-life batteries!
That said, the ship landing burn has a clear solution. My greatest concern is achieving good payload to orbit with rapid ; full reusability, without which we shall forever be confined to Earth.
Sheer magnitude of the entire production system is hard to appreciate. Almost every element of production is &gt;75% automated. Only wire harnesses ; general assembly, which are &lt;10% of production costs, are primarily manual.
Very convincing! Ok, Boca it is. We should have Starship Mk1 with Raptors almost ready to fly by then.
SpaceX team in Hawthorne control, Dragon docked to Station above
Quaternions are important for orbital spaceflight
With same options, Model X is $5k more than an S due to greater size ; body complexity. Sig Series is fully loaded, hence high price.
Fine, well do it already
I'm the only author, so, love or hate it, that's me. I've learned some lessons though, such as tweeting on Ambien isn't wise.
Giga New York will reopen for ventilator production as soon as humanly possible. We will do anything in our power to help the citizens of New York.
It was supposed to be, but that was a dumb decision. In the end, Roadster only had % of parts in common with the Lotus Elise or any other car.
Why did we waste so much time developing silly rockets? Damn you, aliens! So obtuse! You have all this crazy tech, but can't speak English!?
Car looks for a slightly turning force on wheel (direction is irrelevant) to confirm that driver hands are on steering wheel before initiating lane change. Just a precautionary measure until we have a few billion miles/km of real-world lane changes with reliability &gt;&gt; human.
Fairing is ~$5M, but that should be reusable this year. Am fairly confident we can reuse upper stage too by late next year to get to %.
This is important
Its all cake ; someone took a bite
Depends on how release to owners with early access goes, but hopefully wide release by end of August
Haha
Am running it in my car, but its not right yet. Hopefully, will release to advanced early access users in a week or two, then more broadly towards end of month.
I still have a soft spot in my heart for transpiration cooking. In theory, it would use more mass than a tile heatshield, but that remains to be seen.
yes
Once Mechazilla is operational, winds will rarely be an issue
Amos's article was fair, but his editor chose a more sensational headline ; used quotes even though I didn't actually say that.
SpaceX team reviewed all systems again late last night. Done our best to ensure all is good.
To be precise, midnight on April , so effective April
New S ; X are much improved. Worth trying out. Youre on version , current S/X is version .
But femtotech is the future
Yup. We saw it in the movie and made it real. Good idea!
Cowboy riding the rocket no problemo
Enhanced should get it too
. is a copy haha
a river
Aim for zero velocity just above surface ; fall. You wont fall fast.
This is how we make Falcon
The Starship launch tower that catches the giant rocket booster is basically Mechazilla
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May . You can order online at .
UN projections are utter nonsense. Just multiply last years births by life expectancy. Given downward trend in birth rate, that is best case unless reversed.
Were seeing field false positives much higher than lab false positives, in range of % to %. Article says testing went from k to k, which means a -fold increase in false positives. My guess is most cases, especially no symptoms, are false positives.
Looks like this can be fixed with a firmware update. Will be rolling that out in a few days. With further refinement, we can improve braking distance beyond initial specs. Tesla wont stop until Model has better braking than any remotely comparable car.
Director of CERN asked me about Boring Co building the new LHC tunnel when we were at the . Would probably save several billon Euros.
Buddy is like an Earth Pokmon
Weve had about or so cars testing internally in Canada. Hoping to go wider this weekend.
Much sooner
Mostly C/C++, Python ; SQL
Nice shot
Ok
Night City has beautiful art
You should be voted out of office
To meme the impossible meme
I didn't take anyone's car and never would. Car was actually allocated to engineering test (not by me) and inadvertently sold.
In this case, just chilling the gas back to liquid
Boy
Depends on what you mean by doom
Tks. Turns out we recovered some impact video frames from drone ship. It's kinda begging to be released
Glad Jen is safe!
Missed miku concert sigh
All models do make use of aluminum casting, but new Y will be most advanced with /3 of body cast.
k
Tesla engineering is awesome!
Mint berry crunch
When do the engines arrive?
Sheer luck
I know that area well. Best would be to add ramps into the tunnel system from the basement levels of the parking lots surrounding rd St.
Yes
Exciting mission!
There are already satellites in orbit, which people notice ~0% of the time. Starlink wont be seen by anyone unless looking very carefully ; will have ~0% impact on advancements in astronomy. We need to move telelscopes to orbit anyway. Atmospheric attenuation is terrible.
Physically ready in a few weeks. Approvals may take longer.
Sigh
Not sure we could go quite that tight, but we can for sure allow much narrower spaces at users discretion
Various forms of shades are being considered. May not be necessary though.
Rotate on one axis. Magnetic torque rods for desaturation of momentum wheels.
Good idea. They are not easy to move over roads, which is why the factory is close to the launch site, but we will support a museum that wants a prototype if they take care of transport.
Twitter causes id sinuation
My favorite for sure
Yes
Yes, it is designed to serve the least-served
No
Where are additional Superchargers most needed?
At some point, we should probably do advertising as art/communication/entertainment ; to support high quality media
Overall successful. Aborted at T+51 sec on high mixture ratio, but we were intentionally probing the corners of the box of operating conditions, so not surprising.
Just messin with ya haha
Whats wild is that Super Heavy will have Raptor engines in same space!
Thank goodness! Front license plates make my eyes bleed.
Little bit
Extremely big difference between died because of or died with. Also, did the person actually have C19 or did they just have C19 symptoms? Its almost impossible to die without feeling weakness, shortness of breath or other C19 symptoms, unless you were crushed by a falling piano.
Have asked SolarCity if we can do something philanthropic with the CA aqueducts to help the water crisis. Investigating
Theres a in my
Mostly anti-drug laws
Mars V2 plan coming soon, which I think addresses the most fundamental flaw in V1: how to pay for development ; operation of giant rockets
SpaceX Merlin architecture is simpler than staged combustion (eg SSME or RD), but it has world record for thrust/weight ; thrust/cost engine. Raptor has better Isp, but Im worried it may fall short on those two critical metrics.
much appreciated
Yes. Sensitive propulsion ; avionics remained dry. Great work by SpaceX Dragon engineering team. Major improvement over Dragon .
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Corporate Surrealism
The comments on this article are funny
Strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. Less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of Earth.
Youre welcome! Feature requests always appreciated.
Prob early next year
Good idea, we will add this feature!
Haha thanks Kara
Sensible article on Autopilot by guardian
Will consider
Good one
Why arent more people talking about this!?
Flying through the Falcon Factory
v^2/r is fun haha
won't be a hatchback, but we should be able to increase the opening width and height
And in the darkness bind them
Starship propellant is ~78% oxygen, so an O2 plant on the moon would be enough. Otherwise, we could brute-force it with tankers to low Earth orbit. Thats probably faster.
Thanks Tesla suppliers for providing us with critical parts!
Tonnage delivered to orbit, normalized to LEO, would be interesting to see
Hardware in all cars. Autopilot safety features standard. Convenience features optional (like S and X).
Great conversation-starter!
Aiming for tons useful load in fully reusable configuration, but should be at least tons, allowing for mass growth
One of many reasons that we need to make life multiplanetary!
Thanks for buying our car! Would highly recommend performance version. Its really good ; I dont say that lightly. Nothing will give you greater joy. Full refund, no hard feelings if not.
I suspect that name made him strong
Yes
Im dying to make a pickup truck so bad we might have a prototype to unveil next year
Astronauts to orbit in days!!
There are a lot of C19 false positives messing up the numbers. Even tests with % false positive rate (in *field*, not lab) would show up as ~17 million fake C19 cases even if there were actually none.
Its really quite fun!
For sure!
Tesla is affecting powerful vested interests. Big auto ; oil companies arent known for their gentle behavior. SpaceX is battling US military prime contractors ; space programs of national govts. No walk in the park there.
Math jokes have a small audience
The Falcons have landed
Frangible would def hurt reusability. Also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
~2.8m
True
Thats our initial interstage design that we scrapped
True. Im a gamer ; my boys are too. Starlink is designed to be great even for competitive twitch reflex games.
Touch
Sure. Just check out my prior tweet on pricing ($250 kWh at pack level). Website will be updated soon, so there is complete transparency.
Bitte arbeiten Sie bei Tesla Giga Berlin! Es wird super Spa machen!!
I have never attacked science. Definitely attacked misleading journalism like yours though.
What do you think were living in?
Real issue will an aging ; declining world population by , *not* overpopulation. Randers estimate far more accurate than UN imo:
I just heard. mph winds broke the mooring blocks late last night ; fairing was blown over. Will take a few weeks to repair.
Between first development engine ; first flight engine with operational payload, there are always hundreds of changes to both hardware ; software. Over time, thousands.
Battery pack will be a bonded structure with cells providing shear transfer between steel upper ; lower face sheets, eliminating most of the center body parts while providing better torsional rigidity ; improved polar moment or inertia. This is a *major* breakthrough.
Its actually way better than the factory building. More comfortable ; a great view of the mountains.
Congratulations again! Starfleet begins
California time
SN4 passed high pressure (7.5 bar) ; engine thrust load at cryo
The AI could def find us there, but maybe it won't care
Initially making one metric ton thrust engine common across ship ; booster to reach the moon as fast as possible. Next versions will split to vacuum-optimized (380+ sec Isp) ; sea-level thrust optimized (~250 ton).
Reminded me of The Lady of Shalott by Waterhouse
Starship will do orbital launches from Boca Chica (near Brownsville) ; Cape
Massive delta velocity slam from highly elliptical Earth orbit using a fully retanked, but lightened up Starship with no heat shield or fins/legs. Best choice for the impatient. Ion engines are too slow.
Local supporters will be invited!
Yes, but more ground stations ; improved packet routing will make a bigger difference
Probably our most viral feature ever. Most of the Autopilot team has been working on this, led by Ashok, CJ, Andrej ; many others.
true
Thats just random
Swipe down on navigate button to navigate home or to work if at home
SpaceXs goal is to make life multiplanetary, whereas their goal is to put a handful of satellites in orbit
What is love? Baby dont hurt me. Winston Churchill
A helpful case to consider, as the roads intersect at unusual angles
But you can check it out on . Btw, this isn't a video, like cliff diving or fake rocket landings, that matters if it's reversed.
Probably mid year, but Starlink is really meant for those who are least served. Bay usually has great Internet.
obv
Yes
Sure
Mission looks good. Started deploying the Iridium satellites. Rocket is stable on the droneship.
Fully reusable orbital rocket, then orbital refilling, then Mars
Maybe near BRO airport, since that serves both communities?
K is Kindred
Falcon comes home
They will, but the hydraulic system is closed loop, so no fluid lost. They do need more power ; energy, but rocket has plenty of that.
Wow!
Advancing humanitys understanding of the Universe is a fundamental motivator for SpaceX! Starship can put giant in orbit ; on moon. With an occluder, could image in other star systems.
I have V1, but will switch to V3
Good idea
Current production is slightly better
you too
Tricky in chars, but: B needed for min statistical sample size. More software mods and data may be needed beyond that.
Yeah
Very funny post of a Tesla owner test driving a gasoline car
AF certification required an enormous amount of work. Its mostly design-review based, not flight-based.
No, almost all fuel/ox is being reserved for SES satellite to give max chance of success
Its on the list
Pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
Tesla team is working hard on increasing Powerwall production
Didn't get good landing/impact video. Pitch dark and foggy. Will piece it together from telemetry and ... actual pieces.
Exactly ! That will be really fun ; shed light on whats happening. Hoping to start that later this year after we become profitable. Difficult to justify before then.
Will do. Am enquiring on many channels. Regards to Scott.
Report as soon as you see it. Troll/bot networks on Twitter are a *dire* problem for adversely affecting public discourse ; ripping people off. Just dropping their prominence as a function of probable gaming of the system would be a big improvement.
Well-optimized Starship would do ~250 tons to orbit as expendable ; ~150 tons fully reusable
Schedule driver there is regulatory approval. Has to be certified for each aircraft type. Focusing on ; A320, as those serve most number of people, with development testing on Gulfstream.
Thanks, but I am
I have over the years
Anyone who did this analysis should interview at Tesla
Just spoke with FAA, so hopefully yes
Great interviewer!
Newest units can probably do as much as kW continuous ; double that in peak power at C ambient temp. In house power vernacular, this translates to ~80LRA (soft start of ton HVAC). Two Powerwalls would double this, three would triple, etc.
Actually true
Looking at holding Tesla AI Day in about a month or so. Will go over progress with Tesla AI software ; hardware, both training ; inference. Purpose is recruiting.
C++ syntax sucks
To be clear, Tesla is strongly in favor of people being allowed to drive their cars and always will be. Hopefully, that is obvious.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
The date is strangely familiar
McGregor
Seems like too many cooks in the kitchen
Yeah, Daemon is a great read
Abort triggered by flight computer on upper stage throttle valve. Adjusting thresholds and restarting count at T-10 mins.
Very impressive render. Note, legs will be bigger ; therell be way more stuff in engine bay. Main engines actually do majority of work in turning ship vertical before landing.
Hold-down firing of Falcon at Vandenberg Air Force completed. All systems are go for launch next week.
Kinda have to
This chart shows how crazy low payout is to labels ; the artists only a small fraction of these numbers
Power of F9 today is still not widely understood. It has about same thrust as Delta IV Heavy, most powerful Boeing/Lockheed rocket. Falcon Heavy has triple.
Starfleet begins
Sure
torque is shifted between front ; rear motors every ~.01 secs. Traction control is way better than a normal AWD. Digital vs analog.
Terraforming will be too slow to be relevant in our lifetime. However, we can establish a human base there in our lifetime. At least a future spacefaring civilization discovering our ruins will be impressed humans got that far.
Same applies to those who didnt order PUP
No
Thats the one!
true
Exactly. Moreover, all hospitals were given exact specifications of Resmed ; Philips ventilators before delivery ; all confirmed they would be critical.
Dragon will use four pairs of side mounted Superdraco engines. Can function with up to four out.
There are sensitive elements, but theyre on the inside. Also, a good telephoto lens will be able to capture what Ive posted. And yeah, anyone who can reverse engineer what Ive posted doesnt need to reverse engineer!
Tesla Autopilot spends a lot of effort on minimizing jerk
Yeah!
Yes
Long term, it probably makes sense to build a smaller Cybertruck too
Yes
We raised this with the prior administration and nothing happened. Just want a fair outcome, ideally where tariffs/rules are equally moderate. Nothing more. Hope this does not seem unreasonable.
Accurate
Yes
Innovation comes in many ways
Convincing the best AI talent to join Tesla is the sole goal
If youre directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Dragon captured by the International Space Station! Just awesome ...
Of M futures, M were simply death by boredom
/2 This article is false. - I arrived by myself in Canada in with ~CA$2500 - Paid my own way through college, ending with ~$100k student debt - Started st company with no funding ; just one computer I built - Theres no evidence whatsoever of an emerald mine
Good point, we will add that to the construction plan
One way or another, excitement guaranteed! Support of greater Boca, Padre, Brownsville community is very much appreciated.
Tesla has great respect for software engineering, they do not
And other places
The world's most boring hat
It may, especially in our galaxy at this time
Dr. Livingstone, I presume?
Tesla factory literally has miles of painted yellow lines ; tape. Report about forklifts not beeping is also bs. These are both demonstrably false, but were reported as facts by Reveal.
Probable
Whoop whoop!!
But dont worry, cars have been tested for emissions levels ; everythings just fine
Tesla comic book
Tesla is first American car company to achieve sustained volume production in past ~100 years. Hardest, most painful thing Ive ever been through, including getting Falcon to orbit.
Do you really believe that someones life should be ruined if they make a single offensive comment for which they then sincerely apologize?
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for testifying yesterday in Austin. Will hang around after press conf to thank people in person.
Third one will be from Frost. Maybe the second.
Yes, definitely not
From the top of Starbase high bay
Not yet
Busted
Sure
SpaceX is doing simultaneous competing builds of Starship in Boca Chica Texas ; Cape Canaveral Florida
Mobile can do it no problem
Very exciting to see Indias rapid progress in space! There are always setbacks, of course, but I think India is doing great overall.
No
I want you too baby
King of the who!?
Dont spend it all at once oh wait you did already
The lady doth protest too little.
Going at full speed! MT : Elon- you are my hero my friend.Please!Ramp up production on cars that use NO gas."
If Earths gravity was even % lower, Id be all for single stage to orbit
Theyre available through the app, but we need to make them easier to find
And all the forms of life on Earth
is a hydrogen sonata
July
Order online in mins, day return policy
Need to investigate the upper stage Z actuator. Was behaving strangely. Next launch attempt on Friday at am.
Approx min payload to Mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100B
Love Powerglide too
Exactly
Model S is already there
Bravo !
Anything that doesnt result in a smudgy image on lens cover glass. If you get a two part hydrophobic coating, probably better just to use first part.
Its getting real
Its gonna be great!
Probably most in space you could possibly feel by being in a glass dome
Maybe it's wrong, but I really want to see mammoths
I think where we lit main chamber ; several with only preburners
Yes
Nothing can escape gravity, not even black holes (and they really tried!)
No escaping that for me
Were close, but the magic is in the final details. Maybe to months.
No, as thats OG Mobileye hardware
About to pass over Australia ground station and command inhibit override
Love that movie!
If lobbying ; lawyers could get u to orbit, Bezos would be on Pluto rn
All items below will go to all Model s within next few months with V8.2 software. To report a bug or ask for a feature, press voice button, say bug report followed by issue description.
To provide a little perspective on the size of Grasshopper, we added a ft cowboy to the rocket
If manifest is met, SpaceX will do ~75% of total Earth payload to orbit with Falcon. A single Starship is designed to do in a day what all rockets on Earth currently do in a year. Even so, ~1000 Starships will take ~20 years to build a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Cuphead
Reality is total opposite of what detractors say! Biggest challenge is recruiting enough people to build cars. SF Bay Area essentially has negative unemployment, so people at our factory have several other job offers. If they werent treated well, they would leave immediately!
And how to tell if someones a witch
Yes
Groan
During this talk, we will sing a cover of The Final Countdown by Europe
No highs, no lows, only Doge
Franz and I do have absurdly similar tastes
I still only own Bitcoins btw
Am hoping to change booster design to land back on launch mount with no legs. Will require extreme precision.
Import tariffs, VAT ; transport costs
Will be needed for sure. Bandwidth, no problem, latency is a challenge
Yes. Could also extend range of hearing beyond normal frequencies and amplitudes. Deus Ex.
Maybe a Tesla AI day later this year
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you cant stamp ultra-hard X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Am not suggesting shutting down CO2 production, but rather to price in environmental cost ; shift to sustainable energy
Hard to believe its almost time to retire Cargo Dragon after a decade of solid service
Tesla always pays its debts
I love you too!
Large incumbent carmakers sell their cars at low to zero true margin. Most of their profit is selling replacement parts to their fleet, of which % to % are past warranty. Like razors ; blades. New car companies lack this advantage. Also lack sales ; service infrastructure.
Maybe end of next year
Very hard
Id be way too embarrassed to put that on a Tesla. Its like a kids drawing.
Common myth, but incorrect
Wow, seems like eons ago! With fairing recovery, Falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days ; requires boats. Starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours ; ship reflight every hours. No boats needed.
The carousel turns ever faster
New nav starts rolling out this weekend. Should be considered a mature beta at first, so wont be perfect, but will improve rapidly. With the old system, we were stuck with legacy rd party black box code and stale data. No way to improve.
Uh its a simulation hello
To air is human
Tesla deliveries ; AP hardware chart by at MIT
Thats a low bar. Carmakers have never valued software engineering highly, although VW is trying to change that. I personally wrote software for years ; have huge respect for software engineers. Tesla is on par with best software companies ; is leader in real world AI.
Please stop spamming bleak links into a paywall
As backdrops go, this is a good one
Yes. No one will forced to take the tunnel. Its optional!
Last I checked, over a million dollars less. Moreover, F9 is launching far more often ; is only rocket fully NASA-approved for launching astronauts, so that gap is increasing.
Beta now rolling out to cars with /100 safety score over miles
That was three years ago, before ULA cancelled all medium versions of Delta IV. Future missions have all Delta fixed costs piled on, so their cost is now $600M+ for missions contracted for launch after . Nutty high.
Just wanted to thank Stu G for . Know it meant a lot to you. Will take good care.
Much appreciated! Great word-of-mouth is why Model is the best-selling electric car, despite no advertising or paid endorsements.
If things go well, Falcon will launch about once a week on average in , delivering ~2/3 of all Earth payload to orbit
Yeah, pretty much anywhere
The best manufacturing technology is in ultra high volume industries, like food ; beverage, some medical (eg syringes) ; toys
Exactly
Clearly
To be clear, I strongly believe in crypto, but it cant drive a massive increase in fossil fuel use, especially coal
Apollo
I think weve figured it out
Pretty much, although if there was a way to spend money to solve software problems sooner, Id love it. The real constraint is finding great software engineers.
That would be cool. Surfaces that see the sun should be alive with power, not inert!
Sandy Munro understands engineering
Out on the pad in South Texas
We are the Von Neumann machines
Flare stack flamed out. In a few weeks well be recondensing methane using solar power, so no flare stack.
Will consider
Never heard of it
mT to mT for true useful load to useful orbit (eg Starlink mission), including propellant reserves. mT for reference payload compared to other rockets. This is in fully reusable config. About double in fully expendable config, which is hopefully never.
This is a great meme
Im disappointed that my record label failed
A beautiful home for life
My fav tweet ever
Not sure we could go quite that tight, but we can for sure allow much narrower spaces at users discretion
Haha
The last several years have taught me that they are indeed reasonably maligned
Will recognize ; read all signs for FSD. Focused on traffic lights ; stop signs right now. Most are very easy. Difficulty is millions of corner cases.
Exciting to see all the new electric vehicles coming to market! We created Tesla to accelerate a sustainable future ; its happening!
Yes
Atmospheric entry at mph is like a meteor ; will vaporize steel. Burn marks below are on cold side. Main heatshield on bottom.
Glad you like it
Far from fully loaded, but we were going slow or the ship would have gone crazy high/far with three engines
To be clear, all Model cars, incl early production will have same great braking ability. Nature of any product, however, is that if you care about perfection, you make constant small refinements. Todays Model S is far more refined than initial production.
Approx min payload to Mars to nearest order of magnitude, so at $100k/ton, cost would be $100B
Good question. Its a new variant of series stainless steel, but it also gets cold-worked many times, depending on kilotonnage of press.
Weve tested a sub-scale version in a wind tunnel with active aero closing the loop for stability, so it will probably work at scale, but reality tends to bite you on the ass
Click checkbox under Advanced Settings
What propellant?
There have been hundreds of improvements to fit ; finish over the years, but no major step change in this regard. Seats, especially, are dramatically better now than in the past.
Hard to imagine
Next rocket landing on drone ship in to weeks w way more hydraulic fluid. At least it shd explode for a diff reason.
Starship SN9 ; SN10
Now $1.25
For those unfamiliar, this uses Tesla Autopark/Summon. Slightly smarter version hopefully ready soon. By next year, a Tesla should be able to drive around a parking lot, find an empty spot, read signs to confirm its valid ; park.
Thank you. May you have good luck and godspeed with your spacecraft!
Definitely
Also HEPA filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
Serious allegations deserve serious responses
Yes, I'm confident that Tesla will do something with them.
Yeah, great point. Underground power lines would clear up the skyline, be safer to service, have better uptime ; save lives of many birds.
Comes in discreet packaging
Will add a fade mode with only essential info
Nailed it
Arent there good ones already?
Uh oh
Not sure. Maybe write or message carmakers who oppose the environmental initiative?
Sure, we will aim to do a cross-country drive with Cybertruck later this year
We will start rolling out FSD beta in Canada cautiously in next to weeks
Having a low center of gravity makes a world of difference to safety
I want that outfit
It will be
Hes obv wrong. Forcing function for any % mkt share monopolist to improve is weak ; a national govt is that by fiat. One may find lowish correlation for negativity, but that does not mean low causation.
At this point, I'm really running out of crazy things to say. Any suggestions?
On yeah, that too
Mission control at the Cape
What they do should be illegal
Significant improvements coming to S/X air suspension soon via software update! Will simultaneously improve performance handling ; ride comfort ; enable user customization of height ; damping, geocoded for relevance.
My talk for the Royal Aeronautical Society is now online. This gets a little more technical.
Good idea ; thanks for Supercharger trophy reminder. Really want to make the car as fun as possible!
This is a hard thing for us to do right now, as we dont have enough satellites with laser links and there are already geo sats that serve the Tonga region. That is why Im asking for clear confirmation.
Were creating this alloy at Tesla. Not a problem to create a lot of it, but well need to come up with new body manufacturing methods, as it cant be made using standard methods.
Working on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan at age . I think we did a barn-raising that day.
First Ive heard of this. Well fix the situation. Im a fan of video!
A puckish rogue
And Sweden is still right with zero deaths Oct
Slight change of date to ensure no end of quarter distractions -- will be Tues next week.
SpaceX Dragon from as seen from viewport
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m a minute, says IMF
Car should also reverse slightly if it peeks into an intersection ; sees fast-moving cross-traffic (just like a person would)
Maybe theyre among us. Just saying maybe
Just arrived at the competition final. Student teams have amazing talent!
Tesla product announcement at noon California time today
Waiting for everyone to reach their seats and get settled. Starting in to .
Just behind the glovebox, which is, presumably, where the gloves are
Exactly
Where is our prediction of probability inaccurate?
So if we raise prices in the future, will you cut Tesla a check? Cant have it both ways.
Cancel Cancel Culture!
So hard to find out whats going on in the world without being bombarded with news that makes one sad ; angry!
So where are the aliens?
We poured our heart into the car. Hope you love it.
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
Yes, already done
Just posted a photo
Wow, this video took a lot of work!
High standard!
Only thing beyond ludicrous is Plaid
True
fomo yolo
Haha true
Tesla team has done an incredible job with Giga Shanghai. Honored to work with them. Im in awe.
Now that I have made some improvements, Im pretty sure its worth $69k haha
This would generate a lot of goodwill
Yes!
Gap in understanding is that $35k Model production *starts* this month, but will not reach volume production until mid year. Extremely difficult to predict middle part of manufacturing S-curve.
Rocket landed hard on the droneship. Didn't expect this one to work (v hot reentry), but next flight has a good chance.
Not currently planning for pad abort with early Starships, but maybe we should. Vac engines would be dual bell ; fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
I love Kermit
We went public for $3.40/share!
Its the most fun crypto!
Model S review by . Totally agree with criticisms. Corrections coming soon.
Coming v soon
Just a Surface Detail
Glad youre ok!
So soon you won't believe it
Fair point. If autogenous pressurization had been used, CH4 bubbles would most likely have reverted to liquid. Helium in header was used to prevent ullage collapse from slosh, which happened in prior flight. My fault for approving. Sounded good at the time.
All Tesla workers also get stock, so their compensation increased proportionately. You are a modern day moron.
Silver lining is that mortality rate is much lower than predicted ; herd immunity much higher. Good news.
I have been chief engineer/designer at SpaceX from day . Had I been better, our first launches might have succeeded, but I learned from those mistakes.
Yes
True
Ok
Sure
Final edit was on Ableton
Interesting
exactly
Would be a good move. Needs to include put options ; synthetic shorts.
Tesla is working hard to help stop global warming
Payload reduction due to reusability of booster ; fairing is &lt;40% for F9 ; recovery ; refurb is &lt;10%, so youre roughly even with flights, definitely ahead with
means cute water
Even if half that amount, its still a big deal!
The esthetics of Cyberpunk are incredible btw. The interior design is.
About to go live
The audience of entrepreneurs should try it, not the AF
You're right, this is becoming an issue. Supercharger spots are meant for charging, not parking. Will take action.
Denmark just ended Covid restrictions
True, it sounds so surreal, but the negative propaganda is still all out there ; easy to find in social media ; press interviews, so its not just our imagination!
LIDAR is a seductive local maximum. SpaceX designed ; built them to dock with ISS. However, the road system was designed to work with biological neural nets ; eyes, so a general solution to self-driving necessarily will require silicon neural nets ; cameras. Real-world AI.
I was slightly aiming for that
Sorry, meant to say EDT.
Totally up to you, but if you head to a Tesla delivery center near you ; maybe help out new owners, that would be cool
Nope
Exactly! Well said.
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A
Mad skillz
Stamping Model Body Panels (real-time)
In a million years, the Universe will go from being to billion years old. Like tears in the rain
One often hears that there is no point in a US carbon tax unless China acts. Well, they just did
Fate Irony
Next years competition will be in a km vacuum tunnel with a curve
Yes, anyone will be able to take videos
Just returned from Haiti. For those who want to help, I recommend donating to MSF, UNICEF and Artists for Peace & Justice.
Its up to ; as to whether they go with EU rules or rest of world. Not our choice.
Haha
Wow
To the best of my knowledge, literally zero equipment was usable without major repairs or upgrades. Most of the factory had no equipment at all! Even light bulbs were missing in some areas. GM ; Toyota took everything that worked ; moved it to their other factories.
I dont have a controlling vote now ; wouldnt expect any shareholder to have one if we go private. I wont be selling in either scenario.
Rockets are not yet safe enough to fly over land
Srsly
It is amazingly hard to find a simple solution. A complicated one is relatively easy.
Yes, Cybertruck will have steel balls
UN projections are utter nonsense. Just multiply last years births by life expectancy. Given downward trend in birth rate, that is best case unless reversed.
Buzzfeed is a mind virus
Apologies for any errors in this podcast!
Congrats to on her novel, "Acts of Love"! All characters even those based on real people are entirely fictional
They dont fire all at once. Some go several seconds to minutes without firing. Some fire several times per second. Very wide timing distribution.
heh heh
Its not a political statement and I didnt do this because someone dared me to do it. Just dont like Facebook. Gives me the willies. Sorry.
Yesterday's Reddit Ask Me Anything about BFR. You're welcome nk!
Almost everything is different. These parts are stamped vs manually bump-formed ; TIP TIG welded vs flux core. Higher precision, stronger joints ; % mass reduction.
Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation
No change
There no good car emojis. I mean seriously, what the heck are these and this is the best one
Lights would turn off automatically when no motion is detected
Yes. Green card (permanent residency) is fine too for SpaceX, according to ITAR rules.
Idiots can be very dangerous when they seem smart, but arent (having PhD in their bio is a dead giveaway), as some policymakers may get fooled. Thats what really bothered me about that human cat meme / transit expert.
Love this beautiful shot
Something especially weird going on with Yahoo news feed on iPhone stocks app. Almost always super negative. Maybe getting gamed.
Yes, very helpful. Thanks all beta testers!
Stop posting my password on twitter!
Yeah. A lot of work is needed for propellant production on Mars.
Also, were keeping area ratio low enough to fire Raptor Vac at sea level without flow separation, so thats leaving a lot on the table
My son recently asked what my favorite animal was. Well, of course
Tesla is increasing the production ramp as fast as possible, but I'd recommend ordering a Model soon if you want delivery
I say this frequently
It should be
Tesla Rangers!
Youre welcome. Appreciate the letter.
Not bad, although new Model S has more range ; faster charging. ; Y should use long range version, as Performance version is meant for max speed ; handling, not max range. Supercharger network is being upgraded to kW to kW, so that will help too.
Looks like a wheel of cheese
Sure
When Opportunity knocks
Yes Zorbix
We always try to maximize customer happiness even if that means a revenue shortfall in a quarter. Loyalty begets loyalty.
Thats the goal!
This is what matters most
I think so. Will check.
Exactly. Weve had good discussions with leading astronomers. One way or another, well make sure Starlink doesnt inhibit new discoveries or change the character of the night sky.
No problem, happy to donate some personally
Many small improvements, but overall similar. Wiring is more robust, engines are more mature, nosecone is sealed better, etc.
Web3 sounds like bs
If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing ; the tutorial is way too long
There are many chapters of bankruptcy and, as critics so rightly pointed out, Tesla has them *all*, including Chapter and a half (the worst one).
Video made by owner of a P85D going up a % grade on snow passing a whole bunch of stuck SUVs
I love that scene
Sure
cgi irl
Its inevitable
That's why the pic is in black and white. Didn't have color back then.
Tesla Solarglass roof
Game on
Latency should only be min max. Checking ...
Some good ideas here!
Some good feedback from cave experts in Thailand. Iterating with them on an escape pod design that might be safe enough to try. Also building an inflatable tube with airlocks. Less likely to work, given tricky contours, but great if it does.
True
Of course!
Planning on a simplifying mod to Raptor for max thrust, but no throttling, to get to mT level
Austin should be its city, not a San Francisco copycat
Good piece by Ars
Ideas ; corrections that could make a product or service better are always welcome
Haha true
Almost three now. Boca team is crushing it! Starship has giant dome
Yeah, thats our problem. Service ; parts supply in general will be the top Tesla priority after we get through the insane car delivery logistics of the next few weeks.
All HW2+ cars are upgradable to full self-driving capability with Tesla FSD computer ; all production in past few months has FSD computer
Yeah, several. Smart Summon most significant.
Another good riddle: drill a hole thru a sphere such that the height of what remains of the sphere is cm. What is its remaining volume?
He is quite a bossy dog
I would gladly obey the chemtrails, but I dont understand what they are saying haha!
Humans drive using cameras on a slow gimbal ; are often distracted. A Tesla with cameras, radar, sonar ; always being alert can definitely be superhuman.
Exactly
OG Roadster is def helping us out here with M miles by itself
that wasn't criticism, just clarification
Yeah, its named after my friend Joe who suggested the feature
We will make super efficient home hvac with hepa filters one day
Maybe it is time for the man cape to return
Mein Herz Brennt. Best boss battle song ever.
Tomorrow brings a lemur
Good summary of Tesla annual meeting by
You can now buy cruise ship tickets for the Arctic passage. Seeing is believing.
Ive been saying this for a while
And even tinier ones for tardigrades
Aiming for first flight of Falcon Heavy on Feb from Apollo launchpad A at Cape Kennedy. Easy viewing from the public causeway.
The overarching problem is that we need better mental firewalls for the information constantly coming at us. Critical ; first principles thinking should be a required course in middle school. Who wrote the software running in your head? Are you sure you actually want it there?
Maybe making some notable changes. Will wait until figurative ; literal dust settles.
Kinda trippy seeing myself on . I've watched the show ever since the J vs SC short. Brian Boitano!
Definitely
Later this month. We need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
Exactly. Total energy stored even in ultra compressed air is low vs battery, but power output is insane. The composite overwrapped pressure vessel (COPV) is most advanced ever made. Its what SpaceX is qualifying for NASA crewed missions. Extremely robust literally bulletproof.
makeup
Maybe already under control, but Tesla ; SpaceX are happy to help with the lithium ion batteries.
Almost ready to test the new Boring Company / SpaceX hyperpod prototype. Exciting video guaranteed.
Yup
Sure
Didn't read it. Might now though.
Cybertruck
Definitely
Good point, odds go from % to &gt;0%
Gasoline is designed to burn
Yes No, but it will get refilled ; maybe cargo transfer
Ancient times
SpaceX foundry casting Raptor engine manifold out of Inconel
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering
Actually, didn't get environmental approval in time, but it was also good practice for missions where a ship is needed.
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome ; safest place to be in an earthquake
Cool, thats the way it should be!
Rocket fairing falls from space ; is caught by Ms Tree boat
Yes
Dragon trunk from in-flight abort test is in surprisingly good shape!
One Space Station image for each visit
This journalist has been attacking me for months incl using genitalia language that she now says is sexist. What a hypocrite!
Can anyone uncover who is really writing these fake pieces? Can't be skankhunt42. His work is better than this.
Offer me money, offer me power
Hoping for Friday release
Have you seen more data on HCQ ; Z-Pak? Hard to find.
It will be like this, but bigger
Some
Sooo annoying!!
Let me check on that for you. Found the answer right here:
Cant think of anything
Ok
Side boosters, yes, but too much load through center core
Did you read my tweets? I attacked it hard. Did not defend.
I hope to be less wrong over time
In other news
Working on it
Absolutely. Multi-level tunnels can go under buildings, mountains, rivers or anything else ; directly connect destinations, like aircraft do in the sky. We just need more of them.
We need high Brinell hardness ; high corrosion resistance. Because of Cybertrucks faceted nature, formability is not important.
Tesla FSD computers dual SoCs function like twin engines on planes they each run different neural nets, so we do get full use of TOPS, but there are enough nets running on each to allow the car to drive to safety if one SoC (or engine in this analogy) fails.
The left is losing the middle
More Kerbal!
Sorry to hear about China launch failure today. I know how painful that is to the people who designed ; built it.
They started it ; attacked me personally
That said, danger of panic still far exceeds danger of corona imo. If we over-allocate medical resources to corona, it will come at expense of treating other illnesses. Track graph at bottom of this page:
Love Monty Python so much
Wow, this tweet is like a Rorschach test
Maybe something like this
While it is tempting to focus on one of those arenas as the hard one, in fact they are all difficult ; important. Tight C ; custom compiler too. An inference computer optimized for energy efficiency, reliability ; long life is also critical. Cant just jam GPUs in the trunk.
Interesting idea
LHC tbh
Not that this is remotely equiv to man on the moon, but there is a world of difference between talking about some random idea and doing it
init void
Probably
Probably slightly further forward, smaller, more inward. No funny looking static aero at top, as static aero no longer directly in flow.
Going to early access (including all who bought FSD) Tesla owners in US next week. If US early access rollout looks good, then rest of world early access owners following week. Might be some delays in EU for regulatory approval.
lol
Falcon has landed
Just swipe down on Tesla nav button for car to automatically navigate to home, work or destination in calendar
Yeah, it should probably automatically adjust to the user config of whoever is closest to a given door when the handle is touched
All Starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
~3k
It is an honor to work with them
Beautiful picture
Would love to do exactly that
FSD Beta rolls out midnight Friday next week
Most people have no idea just how good the Tesla air purification system is. Literally X better than any other car.
Exciting progress at Starbase, Texas!
Definitely
Heavy use of the white causes splitting. Adding backing material to strengthen. Will be upgraded at no cost.
Happy we could be helpful! More available if needed.
True
Do all the intro courses for mech, EE, aero and physics, then specialize in the one you like most.
Better. Not there yet, but a solution is likely.
Its possible to make a self-sustaining city on Mars by , if we start in years ; take orbital synchronizations
My apologies, am working on this exact issue right now
Yes, but single stage to orbit with no payload is pointless. Add Super Heavy rocket booster ; orbital payload is gigantic. Only need booster on Earth, due to deep gravity well ; thick atmosphere. Starship alone on moons ; Mars.
Thats about right, except no sensors. Tile itself is the sensor as it will partially ablate where too hot ; have to be replaced.
Credit for SolarCity is really due to Rive bros ; great team there. My contribution is fairly small. via
La la la
Excited for future of solar at Tesla!
True
Air Force tracking radar went down. Launch postponed to same time tomorrow.
Improvements coming soon
Will do. Also, we need to make it a lot easier to adjust the headrest.
Not good enough yet. Pushing release by a few weeks. Will be amazing.
[Satire]
Pulled all nighter working on Hyperloop (as did others). Hopefully not too many mistakes. Will publish link at :30 PDT.
Ok
Very little power ; only right before you get to the Supercharger. You wont notice it in range.
High frequency lasers are the way to go for sure
The LA Times has a long track of unreasonable attacks on SpaceX ; Tesla, but in this case it was our miscommunication
That car seemed so advanced when I watched that show as a kid! Knight Industries Two Thousand
Fine, but that was an easy one
Updating
Megatons per year to orbit are needed for life to become multiplanetary
Third
Damn
Ok
Given how bad I am at poetry, probably Vogon
Starships were meant to fly
Wasn't done at my request. Good hacking is a gift.
Actually way more capacity, way faster ; way more convenient. Subways are fine, but its time to upgrade to something better.
Original moth meme
Yes
I love indoor flamethrowers
For sure
Fundamental metric of good of Tesla is how many years sooner it brings the advent of a sustainable energy future
Literally!
Nice work!
Hashtags are an abomination
Jim cant take the heat
If you bought a Tesla before yesterdays price reduction, you can have Autopilot or full self-driving at half normal cost (up to $6k less)
Absolutely
Problem st, theory nd is for sure way to go, as it establishes relevance, thus improving memory retention
True national debt, including unfunded entitlements, is at least $60 trillion roughly three times the size of the entire US economy. Something has got to give.
I will abide by the results of this poll, whichever way it goes
Ok
SpaceX started with a mariachi band party. Great vibes here in Boca Chica, Texas!
Yes
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
actually works best at night
OG wisdom
I was in the Berlin paint shop talking to the team on my last visit. Its gonna be great! But bear in mind that it takes about a year for a new factory to reach volume production. Production is super hard work, which is why I have great respect for those who do it.
Dammit!
Strongest argument against aliens
Lengthy background on Neuralink by
Yes
Started Zip2 with ~$2k ; ~$100k of student debt, rolled proceeds into X/PayPal, rolled proceeds again into SpaceX/Tesla, but these are all companies where I played fundamental founding role. Not right to ask others to put in money if I dont put in mine.
Sehnsucht
That is the impression that some have Traveling to another planet ; building a self-sustaining city is not for the faint of heart. Consider the sad case of Chad (RIP)
NK launching a nuclear missile would be suicide for their leadership, as SK, US and China wd invade and end the regime immediately
Me too
Hangout with ; me tomorrow at am California time
Fwiw, lab I just spoke to thinks below is accurate, to gets dicey ; above is bs. Will talk to several more labs. There must be a graph of PCR amplification cycle vs false positive rate somewhere.
Very much agree
Busted
Exactly. How cheaply freedom is sold.
Provided all ten take delivery, you have indeed!
Guess I sort of am already
X and S will also be available
SpaceX and Tesla rated most meaningful work in high tech. Also, most stressful, but that goes with the territory.
This is just peeling back the first layer of the corruption onion. Stay tuned
Subscription rolls out in about a month
Model Performance order page progressively rolling out to reservation holders over the next week or so. Its a really great car. Not saying that lightly. Test drive is a mindwarp. Aiming to have these as our first test drive Model cars in stores within to weeks.
Not the greatest use of money
Everything is sentient, especially sentience
First of next gen Falcon rockets rolls out to the launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Nice
Because polygon doesnt rhyme
Biggest risk is that we take too long to solve the sustainable energy problem, causing climate change meltdown.
$US price in $AUD plus import duties and sales tax
Yes
Deveras!
Zeroth Law
Our target is a % reduction with HW2 as the software matures
Haha
This is incorrect. No air suspension planned for /Y. Only S/X ; Cybertruck have/will have air suspension.
Watching a movie on Tesla V10.0 is great, in large part due to the sound system
Kinda
Launch aborted by autosequence due to slower than expected thrust ramp. Seems ok on closer inspection. Cycling countdown.
Welcome back Jade Rabbit!
Do not search for purple squirrels! Giving them attention only makes them want to be more purple.
Only a matter of time
This
And, because electricity costs much less than gasoline, a Model can cost about $1000 less per year to operate. Because its electric, there are no oil changes, smog checks, tuneups, fuel filter, or brake pad replacements.
(Credit )
Good analysis, although I think we should wait until FSD is a bit more mature
Sure
Fun, little music tool coming later
Yeah, its terrible. Had to upgrade old Linux OS and a bunch of drivers first. Major browser upgrades coming to all cars in a few months. Note, will be slower at first until code is optimized.
No problem
Ocean spaceport Deimos is under construction for launch next year
Listening to Better Now
Roughly equivalent to a flight from LA to London (one way).
Lord Edge
If someone has already won a Roadster from a prior program, theyre only eligible to win the signed Performance Y
Hmm ... portal gun. Now that would be interesting.
Welded, internal, longitudinal hat stringers. To the degree it may need hoop stiffness (prob not), combine with slosh baffles.
Because our universe is actually a microverse in a miniverse. We probably just power someones brake lights.
Great shot
US law requires at least a green card to be hired at SpaceX, as rockets are considered advanced weapons technology
If advanced AI (beyond basic bots) hasnt been applied to manipulate social media, it wont be long before it is
Doge appears to be inflationary, but is not meaningfully so (fixed of coins per unit time), whereas BTC is arguably deflationary to a fault. Transaction speed of Doge should ideally be a few orders of magnitude faster.
Putting in little outward-facing speakers would open up a lot of opportunities
Anyone feeling even slightly ill should stay home. Elderly should avoid close contact, even with family members, for now. Those seem most important.
Love seeing the scars of the rocket
Manufacturers have to ship cars with side mirrors by law, but owners are allowed to modify their cars. The wiper is what troubles me most. No easy solution. Deployable wiper that stows in front trunk would be ideal, but complex.
Exactly
About the Nevada deal with Tesla ...
years ago
When I talked to doctors in Wuhan, they recommended against invasive ventilators ; in favor of non-invasive
If km works, then orbit
Ironically, direct current is the right approach today, even though alternating was right in the past. Solar power ; electronics both DC.
Simulations show launch ok with bad valve. Still, better to stop ; fix. Recalling rockets after launch is not an option.
Autolist survey finds Tesla used car values are highest and sell fastest
Yes! I love botanical gardens. This is my favorite:
So it will take about years to transfer a million tons to Mars Base Alpha, which is hopefully enough to make it sustainable
Yeah, a little oven for heating food ; Starlink wifi
Exciting to see some Tesla collision repair operations already completing within hrs. Aiming for same day soon, then under an hour.
Highly recommend by the good people of if you like ultrafast team FPS action
Deal
I love Texas! Starship production complex is in Boca Chica ; SpaceX engine development has been in McGregor for almost years.
Probably
Probably a few months. There are many subtle differences between US ; Canada driving.
Will see you there to wish you the best
Extremely talented dive team. Makes sense given monsoon. Godspeed.
And most of remaining % is Jupiter. We are tiny dust on tiny dust.
snacks
Probably
If you feel Neuralink might have incorrectly overlooked your resume or declined to make an offer, please lmk in comment below
Starship SN6 flew asimilar hop to SN5, but it was a much smoother ; faster operation
Project Loveday winners ...
Actually true
: Dogecoin is dumb
Coming soon
Yeah
Back to work tonight!
Done by dawn
Very appealing if youre a sophomore in college. Its a counterpoint to communism and useful as such, but should be tempered with kindness.
Norway has already proven it could be done last month. No question Australia could do this in far fewer than years.
Fly me to the moon ... Ok
Yes. No one will forced to take the tunnel. Its optional!
My thoughts on the nature of the issue with the battery pack supplied to Boeing
For now, reply to my tweet with ppm ; ppb test results ; will send someone to install a water filter. Creating email flint.com, but Im in China so that wont be working until tomorrow.
A year old who has better reasoning ; more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
Hopefully
This is why its possible for Tesla to have a million robotaxis by end of if we upgrade existing HW2 fleet of ~500k ; make at least ~500k FSD cars
Absolutely! Staggeringly insane amount of work between now and then.
Answer the question . You brought it up, not me. Did you investigate or not? If so, what did you actually do?
With ; Powerwall battery you are your own utility. /7 clean, sustainable electricity.
We fought the Balrog last year
Plausible
Good explanation. D is essential for dynamically occluded objects, especially in large intersections with dense vehicle ; pedestrian traffic. Frame rate ; latency from frame to wheel vector change also important.
Rosetta by Vangelis is incredible
Cost of all options, wheels, paint, etc is included (apart from Autopilot). Cost is $78k. About same as BMW M3, but % quicker ; with better handling. Will beat anything in its class on the track.
Yes
We could talk about Life, the Universe and Everything
Haha true
Just a small-seeming issue with loss of upper stage camera. Probably nothing serious, but standing down to re-examine whole vehicle just in case.
Deus Ex / Half-Life / Bioshock / Mass Effect / Fallout ; New Vegas / Saints Row IV
Connected, autonomous cars require great software. Advanced factories also require great software. The car industry is not very good at software.
Looking forward to seeing Giga Shanghai soon Amazing work by Tesla China team ; support of authorities much appreciated!
Hence the urgency of making life as we know it multiplanetary as soon as possible
Losing It
Auto Dealer Sterling McCall makes the case for Tesla direct sales in Texas
Boring Company product launch on Dec . More than a tunnel opening. Will include modded but fully road legal autonomous transport cars ; ground to tunnel car elevators.
Yeah, doesnt make sense
Tesla cars are now in all US states (map credit Edmunds)!
This one is deep. Happy Thanksgiving!
Insurance premiums expected to decline by % due to driverless cars
Altho Dumb and Dumber is
Norway is awesome!
At this point, I want ETH even if it is a scam
They are so underappreciated
The LEGO Movie was awesome
Sonic boom warning. This wont be subtle.
My pay is in options, which only matter if stock goes up ; I sell. Will use that to make life multiplanetary, help education ; environment on Earth w my foundation. Just dont want us to be sad about the future.
Dont need the cash. Devoting myself to Mars and Earth. Possession just weigh you down.
Well said
Yeah, we will add that as a feature
Chomsky sucks
Thanks on behalf of team! We !
Wheres the evidence!?
C tbh
Reset
If not immediately, will be followed shortly in a point release
Engine cam
Sure
Or a sheep
My fav color is blue, no red, aaargh
Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. Please use with caution.
Thanks
Yup
Im not building anything on ethereum. Not for or against it, just dont use it or own any.
Worth noting that all gasoline cars are heavily subsidized via oil company tax credits ; unpaid public health costs
be still my beating heart
And credit for the logo art to JJ Abrams
I support Yang
Rocket reentry is a lot faster and hotter than last time, so odds of making it are maybe even, but we should learn a lot either way
Absolutely
Satellite deployed to km apogee. All looks good.
Better to put the money into the product than sales ; marketing!
Yes, that is how
No, that unveil is later this year
Looks good for a launch attempt today. Upper winds slightly exceed loads in high subsonic regime, but improving.
Ancient Doges
, which hopefully goes out next week.
It will be filled with graffiti art
Interesting
Special thanks to Tesla trucking ; rail partners for figuratively ; literally going the extra mile
So cute
Excession
Norway has played a major role in supporting advent of electric vehicles!
I Asterix ; Obelix!
Our Soul Dichotomy
Yeah, coming back
It technically could, but wouldnt have enough mass margin for a heat shield, landing propellant or legs, so not reusable
Rocket booster temperatures wont go much above Kelvin on hottest parts of main body ; maybe around K on base, which uncooled steel can handle. Starship is around K for a Mach entry, so needs shielding of some kind.
Well, its basically a tank from the future thats road-legal, so yeah
Space fairies are real
Interesting
Yes
Best plane ever
Yeah, doors are ft wide
lifetimes ago
Or energy ; time, but besides that what?
This seems accurate
Saudi Arabia owns /3 of Lucid, so inevitable
To land a rocket, Just Read the Instructions
Difficult, but necessary Tesla reorg underway. My email to the company has already leaked to media. Here it is unfiltered:
Thanks George!
Not that I know of
Its my glasses
Aiming for km flight in Oct ; orbit attempt shortly thereafter. Starship update will be on Sept th, anniversary of SpaceX reaching orbit. Starship Mk will be fully assembled by that time.
Moon too
Photoshop is amazing
I think so
The show about Silicon Valley missed the mark in some ways, but I didn't hate it, as reporter claimed
The legs extend ; telescope out, so are longer than they seem, but not as long as they will be for SN4+
Prob
The only reason I didnt pay federal tax in is because I *overpaid* in ! Since they stole my tax records, they actually know that.
next software update fixes that
With some mods, this could also work as an escape pod in space
Almost a decade ago. Original Dragon in background.
Yeah I like ICP
Sure
Lucky bastards, we are!
Longitudinal control will, but lateral (steering) control will cap at mph for a bit longer. Will raise after full fleet data rolls in.
Great work by Tesla Giga Berlin team ; supporting contractors!
Yes. Theres a huge amount of hardware in the tip of the faring that being integrated on the ground, which is why we havent closed it out.
As Jeffrey Besos is amply demonstrating
Next software update will increase storm watch sensitivity. Youre right, its currently too low.
We went through literally hundreds of variants of red trying to find something original that didn't suck.
They appear to have some room for improvement
Yes
I am one of the top donors to
Namaste
Interesting idea. Would give a dynamic deg surround view as you're driving. Have this in dev mode. Can be a bit distracting though.
Figure of speech
Tesla Service Centers ; a lot more Superchargers coming to Poland later this year
Physics demands the impedance of resistance, because its not real
Can't wait to see all three cores of Falcon Heavy come back for landings! First two will be almost simultaneous.
Yup
Which leads me to my next subject of gun control ... just kidding
Major new Tesla product line -- not a car -- will be unveiled at our Hawthorne Design Studio on Thurs pm, April
But the Bee nails it again
We release as soon as we have the data. Good timeline, bad timing. Doesnt matter.
Order Tesla Solar + Powerwall battery for /7 clean power ; no blackouts!
Geil!
Please send your resume to BuildStarship.com if youre coming to the Starship career day in Boca Chica tomorrow
Thanks
Its counter-intuitive, but Raptor has so much thrust at high Isp with liquid (high density) propellant ; pump-fed (light tanks), that it beats hot gas for the flip. That said, hot gas beats the heck out of N2 for orbital manuevers ; stabilizing ship if landing in high winds!
Hopefully, later this year for several more states. Insurance is different for almost every state in America ; regulatory approvals take time.
Ok. Overall air suspension height ; damping algorithm is getting a lot of attention. Will be linked to FSD, so acts automatically.
Engels wrote nd ; rd volumes based on Marxs notes. Less reliable.
Mod to SpaceX tech tree build: Falcon second stage will be upgraded to be like a mini-BFR Ship
Data upload from tracking plane shows landing in Atlantic was good! Several boats enroute through heavy seas.
Customs problem solved!
Only a tiny amount. There is enough air to affect the satellites ; allow some amount of yaw steering.
Thank you on behalf of the many people of SpaceX
GM ; Chrysler were bailed out (money never repaid), but Tesla was not. Crucial Tesla investment actually came from Daimler in , from which they did very well. Tesla received govt energy efficiency loan in , by which time capital markets reopened. Loan was repaid early.
Yeah, thats exactly right. But after suggesting public critique, I was stunned to see the level of contempt many in media have for their readers. This is way worse than I thought.
Boring
The Promise is greatly needed
Laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
True
All the stairwells currently shown as wood-clad will actually have graffiti
Things often dont translate from mice to humans, but thats promising
Haha
Disney in the streets, Euphoria in the sheets
Pretty accurate. Its not so much DNA sequencing as it is using synthetic DNA/RNA to fix bugs in our code ; inform immune system what to attack.
Good point. Yeah, Remdesivir is sounding very promising!
All of physics is either impossible or trivial. It is impossible until you understand it, and then it becomes trivial. E Rutherford
Would also like to congratulate , fellow winner of the commercial crew program
Seems that way
But actually!
me too:
FSD Beta rolls out Friday midnight to ~1000 owners with perfect /100 safety scores. Rollouts will hold for several days after that to see how it goes. If that looks good, beta will gradually begin rolling out to scores ; below.
Much is made lately of unrealized gains being a means of tax avoidance, so I propose selling % of my Tesla stock. Do you support this?
Electric cars produce *much* less CO2 than fossil fuel cars, taking both electricity emission ; vehicle production into acount
We should strive to extend the light of consciousness into the cosmos
Forming a rocket nozzle
your guess is the closest I've seen anyone guess so far. Pod diameter probably around m
Tube diameter is cm
Thanks, I will stop by on the th!
We saw them a lot launching from Kwajalein in the early days of SpaceX
Wow, cool! Summon will get steadily smoother until its like an expert chauffeur who knows you well.
Humanity is not perfect, but its all weve got
Its too embarrassing
Yes, invitations go out tomorrow
No, hes still much faster
Neuralink is working super hard to ensure implant safety ; is in close communication with the FDA. If things go well, we might be able to do initial human trials later this year.
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity!
Yeah, the fear, uncertainty ; doubt propaganda campaign being pushed by those betting against Tesla has reached new heights
Checking
That was my actual password at one point!
Inevitably
Induced demand is one of the most irrational theories Ive ever heard. Correlation is not causation. If the transport system exceeds public travel needs, there will be very little traffic. I support anything that improves traffic, as this negatively affects almost everyone.
There will be no Block . Moving to Starship architecture.
Pretty much. Being better than human drivers on average is not a super high standard. Autonomy will probably be held to a % to % higher safety requirement long-term.
Even would agree
Yes, that will probably be its first use
Yes, but you get to your destination so quickly ; directly that it doesnt matter
Both of those factories failed ; shut down long ago. Strange thing to brag about.
Im pro vaccination, but anti vaccination mandate
. $30k in $ (ie + inflation) w + mile range w some really cool tech that we can't talk about yet.
Coming soon
Solar panels + battery pack better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke ; doesnt run out of fuel
Great ad
Sometimes small changes in a single week
Now youre unblocked, so stop whining
A few other small things change, but pretty close
Major FUD incoming for sure haha
Tesla *with* Autopilot engaged is twice as safe ; continues to make steady improvements
It would be great if labs could give people this level of granular feedback in their results
Were all just made of two quarks ; a lepton
In order of resource priority, but not necessarily production ramp, as that depends on thousands of parts ; processes, which are extremely difficult to forecast
Current plan is to increase base Raptor thrust to ~230 tons or ~500 million lbs ; increase booster engine count to or
Maybe Ultimate Boring Machine, the Second
Working on upgrades to Sentry
This is why we put extra filters in all Tesla cars. S ; X even have hospital operating room grade HEPA filters.
Off Twitter for a while
Running track in BF Spaceship will look something like this
Looks like Model X resale value is holding up well
I have the t-shirt
We got stuck
Ramping up the Autopilot software team at Tesla to achieve generalized full autonomy. If interested, contact autopilot.com.
Is purchasing through the Tesla app not working?
Seems to be happening a lot
Tesla FSD price rising to $12k on Jan
Starlink high performance antenna
Yet another round wheel is boring ; blocks the screen. FSD in panoramic mode looks way better with a yoke.
What I like most is their great sense of humor
Igniters need to be inspected. We will try again tomorrow same time.
Sigh
Cryo pressure test succeeded, but a small leak opened up near the engine mounts, possibly due to differential shrinking
Congratulations Tesla ; SpaceX on great ! You rock!! Looking forward to epic
Hey you Yeah you Queen Youre gonna make it!
Sadly, it had better critical analysis than most non-cult media
There should be a constitutional amendment to redo the tax code every ten years, just like we do a census.
Definitely
And, no, I'm not an alien...but I used to be one
Nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. Placed up there to balance high mass of Raptors ; rear fins at the bottom.
Much appreciated!
traceroute woke_mind_virus
To revolutionize space, the right metric is mass to orbit or you could translate that to of useful satellites brought to orbit. No substitute for mass though. Scale dont lie.
Short vid of the recent mission to the Intl Space Station
Oh btw Im building a cyborg dragon
First drive of a release candidate version of Model
Doge Barking at the Moon Miro
Starship will allow us to inhabit other worlds
Very meta, but yes
Cats, probably not tbh
Tesla merch def needs some love, but too many fish to fry rn
Super cool!
Wow, hard to believe that was years ago!
I bounce around WSJ, NYT, BBC, Bloomberg, WaPo ; twitter generally. Better to follow individual journalists than publications, as there is a wide range of quality.
Wow
Hopefully in V9.0 release in a few months
These things are best thought of as probabilities. There are forward-facing cameras. It is highly likely that at least one of them will see multiple cars ahead.
Unity port is done, so finessing the controls now. Mostly limited by local storage. Will allow additional game storage via USB. Whatevers most fun!
We need a match other traffic speed setting
The FSD improvement will come as a quantum leap, because its a fundamental architectural rewrite, not an incremental tweak. I drive the bleeding edge alpha build in my car personally. Almost at zero interventions between home ; work. Limited public release in to weeks.
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at !
Btw, cant emphasize enough how would not be where it is today without . Thank you.
Will take a few days for system update
Most major customers have tried it ; love it. Now we need to finish production design ; build it, while avoiding dumb mistakes made with Model production system. Wish it wasnt so hard to be less stupid over time
Started rolling it out a few days ago. Always starts slow, find rare corner case issues, fix them, continue rollout
yes
Sentience is overrated
thanks!
His stance on ketamine was bold
Not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach
Wow, this mayo sure is salty!
World's top artificial intelligence developers sign open letter calling for AI safety research:
Iceland for sure!
This is way more awesome than it might sound
Yes
Yeah, headlights are precision LED, so they can be bright without blinding oncoming traffic, pedestrians ; cyclists
I would be happy to talk. Hopefully, Tesla can be helpful.
Expendable. Future flights will go on Falcon Heavy or the upgraded Falcon .
Entertainment is becoming a username/password/2FA nightmare
Yeah
So amazing that we decompress from a single cell to over trillion cells
First!
Like the movie Us. Scary but also empathetic.
Just rewatched True Romance
According to divers who have made the passage, yes. However, we also made an exact replica that is inflatable, so that the entire path can be tested without risk of blockage.
Starting next week, Tesla Solar Panels ; Solar Roof will only be sold as an integrated product *with* Tesla Powerwall battery
Working on upgrades to Sentry
Well, back to work
This is st ever orbital rocket launch w landing legs. Will attempt leg deploy ; soft landing out to sea.
Jalopnik not sharpest tool in shed
About a week. Will include slight improvements, based on initial user feedback.
At least success is in the set of all possible outcomes this time!
Useful mass to orbit is the primary figure of merit
Yeah, we could put in a setting allowing it to drop as low as %
The build Im driving right now is almost there. FSD will blow your mind.
Tesla Europe team is doing great!
Shock absorption is built into tower arms. Since tower is ground side, it can use a lot more mass to arrest booster downward momentum.
We dont buy advertising
This is crazy, but Max Smart mentions Chaos towards the end. Coincidence?
Might still need a VPN in some countries
They are doing India proud
We are too cell-constrained right now, but probably ok next year
Love Your Name
First Super Heavy Booster
Sure, will do
Exactly
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at pm
Long exposure of rocket ascent, reentry from space and landing burn. (Credit )
Also HEPA filter is expensive, so would force increase in price
Exactly
Super agree!
Falcon lands on droneship, but the lockout collet doesn't latch on one the four legs, causing it
Pretty much
Once more, with feeling! "North Korea Punishes Insincere Mourners"
Actually true
It has that potential
Neuralink surprise twist!
The internal Tesla Powerwall install team in PR is very small right now. Sending experienced installers from continental US to hire ; train local team as fast as possible.
Only limitation is high density of users in urban areas. Most likely, all of the initial k will receive service. More of a challenge when we get into the several million user range.
Model order day starting in Australia
Yes, interface will change with Version software
Yes
Tesla Model S rated by as best car in world for nd year in a row
China is operating normally across hundreds of suppliers ; all of Tesla Shanghai
. will post final safety probability stats soon. Model has a shot at being safest car ever tested.
Give people their freedom back!
This is true. All that matters is number used in v equation. Propellant residuals are incredibly important, often overwhelming engine mass.
Tesla rear wheel drive cars do actually work well on snow ; ice. We did our traction testing on an ice lake! Dual motor AWD is great, but not required for cold weather. Just dont use sport/summer tires.
Good piece!
This was an older version booster, so no recovery attempted
Yeah. And Twitter is a hater Hellscape.
Meanwhile, back in reality
Bach is killing it on YouTube
Amazing sim of neutron stars colliding
Falcon Rising
Jeff maybe unaware SpaceX suborbital VTOL flight began . Orbital water landing . Orbital land landing next.
Its designed to make life multiplanetary, otherwise extreme overkill for mere Earth sector activity! Starship fleet mass to orbit per year will be more than times all current Earth rockets combined, including Falcon. Necessary, for a city on Mars.
Austin++
It is hard to find good sources of relatively objective news these days. Any suggestions?
The holier-than-thou hypocrisy of big media companies who lay claim to the truth, but publish only enough to sugarcoat the lie, is why the public no longer respects them
Doesn't sound right. Will check into it.
One of my fav Matrix memes
same
Maybe add a particulate filter on inlet
And many doctors are not treating patients, due to fear of giving or receiving C19
With Starlink, you could stream video ; play online games
Feels so long ago
But actually
Tesla Semi Truck unveil to be webcast live on Thursday at pm! This will blow your mind clear out of your skull and into an alternate dimension. Just need to find my portal gun ...
Thoughtful feedback
Yes
So pointy!
So cool
On the Westworld set with my bro
Car should also reverse slightly if it peeks into an intersection ; sees fast-moving cross-traffic (just like a person would)
Former
Freedom
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If theyre evolving rapidly, somethings up.
My wiki is a war zone with a zillion edits. At least its obviously not curated! Some day, I should probably write what *my* fictionalized version of reality is
Damn haters
Depends on when car was built, as there are many small hardware improvements, so most will be somewhere in between ;
Thats my kid haha
Good idea
My car is currently orbiting Mars
This is a really great floor
When full self-driving is approved by regulators, we will enable video while moving
Inflation is the most regressive tax of all, yet is advocated by those who claim to be progressive
Due to its size ; ability to return science instruments even from deep space, Starship will enable a whole new class of science missions
Life in glass domes at first. Eventually, terraformed to support life, like Earth.
From anywhere
Met with UNICEF, Doctors Without Borders and Artists for Peace & Justice. I support them and would recommend others do too.
Definitely! Whats in that sky city thing!? Needs a prequel even more than a sequel.
Churchill (non) quotes
Exactly
Perhaps lost in the transport debate is that built a ft tunnel in LA for ~$10M with V1 (Godot). Next tunnel will be made with V2 (Line-Storm). V3 (Prufrock), aspirationally X better, should be operational next year. For reference:
No plans to do so. Would recommend Model S.
As described in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress (great book), a linear accelerator would be great for the moon. Earths gravity is too high ; atmosphere too dense for accelerators to be a good solution vs reusable boosters imo.
Guys, I have feelings
tau &gt; pi
Sadly true
Conducted hold-down firing of returned Falcon rocket. Data looks good overall, but engine showed thrust fluctuations.
True fact
Yes, we are talking to airlines about installing Starlink. Please let them know if you want it on your airliner. Low latency ~half gigabit connectivity in the air!
Around ms. Its designed to run real-time, competitive video games. Version , which is at lower altitude could be as low as ms latency.
Hello, have you met the Internet? Everyone gets harassed regardless of gender, especially if they say false things. Saying Im against science is like saying Beyonc doesnt know beats. Blowback from latter (all genders) would make my comment stream seem like Socratic dialogue.
muffin or not-muffin
Yeah, Plum Brook Space Power Facility Glenn Research Center. Help from the Glenn team much appreciated.
I sense a trend
More great renderings! Significant improvements coming to the welds.
Fair point, will reenable
That goes without saying
should solve that last cone issue
There are people not on Twitter!? Where are they?
Sleeving SN2 dome in the high bay
Love the space cowboy esthetic
I have just asked our team to slow down deliveries. It is clear that we are exceeding the local logistics capacity due to batch build and delivery. Customer happiness ; safety matter more than a few extra cars this quarter.
Pretty good. TinTin A ; B are both closing the link to ground w phased array at high bandwidth, low latency (25 ms). Good enough to play fast response video games.
SNL Monologue
Flight profile
Review of Model S by
Transforming America!
Congrats to and on supersonic test flight!
Trust the shrub
Good static fire with all six engines!
None
Yes
Thanks JJ!
Mars ; Cars
About to days
I have that exact thought every time I get the flu
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
True. , this is accurate. You believe in journalistic integrity, but if something isnt done, this will continue.
Important for Moonbase Alpha!
Like you guys too
Reason Cybertruck is so planar is that you cant stamp ultra-hard X steel, because it breaks the stamping press
Tracey before I knew it, I was writing to The Guardian
Boring Company starts digging Vegas tunnel in months. Aiming to finish by end of year.
lol
~6 months before it is in all new production cars. No change to sensors. This is simple replacement of the Autopilot computer. Will be done free of charge for those who ordered full self-driving.
Tries to launch some rockets accidentally summons dark lord
This is out of our hands, so hard to predict. Maybe on order of billion km of real world driving will be enough to convince regulators.
Maybe helpful
Of course
Not often these days. Good way to spend time with kids though.
Possibly even flatter!
RWD with all-weather tires works great. Tesla traction control is an order of magnitude more precise than gas/diesel. Really helps to have Newton ; Maxwell on your side.
No plans to take X, S (or ) above kWh. Semi necessarily and pickup truck maybe will go above.
If you dont already know what a merkin is, dont google it. You have been warned.
For sure more than one pass coming back to Earth. To Mars could maybe work single pass, but two passes probably wise.
To the first part. I doubt wed create a Dyson ring or sphere.
Smart Summon will work on all v2.0+ hardware in wide release
Tesla receives highest owner satisfaction score of any carmaker in Consumer Reports survey
Im not against all unions, but UAW has a track record of destroying productivity so a company cant compete on world market. Our current factory went bankrupt under UAW before we took it over. Dont want Tesla to die too.
Sorry, correct link is:
Probably every to months, depending on how much progress we make
Yes
Autonomy capability should improve via OTA every to weeks
If there arent enough people for Earth, then there definitely wont be enough for Mars
Or is this just fantasy?
Hahaha ?1
Adding Boston and Providence would be the natural extension of the line
Starlink is a staggeringly difficult technical ; economic endeavor. However, if we dont fail, the cost to end users will improve every year.
Yes
Talked about Starship with National Academies Space Studies Board
Ukraine did play a major role
Aspirationally acerbic alliteration -&gt; Bullshit baffles brains
Yes
Not as far as I know
Exactly
No
Good for rescuing vulnerable patients in dangerous environments, particularly if water, toxic gas or dangerous bacteria/viruses present, as patient would remain dry ; at std air pressure entire time.
Applies to a small number of Bay Area residents, but worth checking out
Maybe phone as controller
We use that process for the Raptor nozzle jacket. The knuckles of this dome are stamped in Michigan with a ton car body press, which costs much less for same outcome.
Interesting piece
No worries, situation is under control
Also porting Unreal Engine
via
Yes. Radically redesigned Raptor ready to fire next month.
Only years from first controlled, powered flight to landing on the moon. Now, half a century later, we are still unable to return. This must change.
Just stop
Earning power post augmentation would easily pay for itself (if thats even necessary). This is the best thing I can think of to ensure that collective human will decides the future.
Aargh!!
Yay Switzerland!!
That is how I feel about myself! Oh wait
First reflight of a Dragon spacecraft set for later today
Congratulations!
The factory is the product
Really hate it when companies bring out an awesome show car and then you can never actually buy it. So lame.
For those worried about running out of fresh water, it may help to know that desalination only costs cents per liter or half a cent per gallon
Sure
Yes
Actually, yes. And Red Rocket truck stop.
Some unexpected last minute issues. Should go out in next day or two.
One day
Dogecoin Mode
Essentially, yes. Great engineering talent, but should focus on reusable rockets for purpose of a permanent human base on the moon and self-sustaining city on Mars.
The race between Gary, our pet snail who lives in a pineapple, and Godot, our tunnel boring
Ok
There was something, but no one caught it
Only if unable to order by May
Those rumors are false
years later, the simulation is mostly real
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
Walking down the street and saw this
Great pics! That we now have the beginnings of a Starship production system is most meaningful.
Forward thrusters are to stabilize ship when landing in high winds. If goal is max payload to moon per ship, no heatshield or flaps or big gas thruster packs are needed. No need to bring early ships back. They can serve as part of moon base alpha.
Sorry for all the heavy stuff abt climate change, but I really thought world wd take action sooner. No time for subtlety
Makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
Just did that to correct the front design esthetic of Model S. The nose of an electric car shouldnt look like a radiator grill opening.
Yes. Theres a huge amount of hardware in the tip of the faring that being integrated on the ground, which is why we havent closed it out.
Yes, although I didnt expect the stock to rise so much so soon. The reason for the stock options is that theyre needed to help pay for humanity to get to Mars in to years.
Wow
Excuse me, I only sell Doge!
Ok
Cool, were tracking to release more FSD features later this month
Motor Trend tests Model S as fastest American sedan at sec -60 mph and tied for st worldwide in stopping distance
If WFP can describe on this Twitter thread exactly how $6B will solve world hunger, I will sell Tesla stock right now and do it.
Agreed
Wow, a Tesla owner in Europe just passed km while racing his Roadster!
It was underpriced. Anyway, if you want $5k refund ; free Supercharging turned off, we will do that.
About the Model S fire ...
Cookie decorating contest with kids
I said run for office, not president (sigh). Who even owns Newsweek these days? I lost track.
latest autonomous hardware allows for easy computer upgrade
Landing in the fog
What a hypocrite
It will be next level. These are really big numbers.
Appreciate all the good wishes. First bday Ive spent in the factory, but its somehow the best.
We will fight Big Tequila!
Regarding Gov. Christie's action to impede direct sales of automobiles in New Jersey
Unveil happening at sunset, because that's when ...
Cant fool me it was
Both do mining ; use blocks ; chains
Sounds very sketchy if true. , is it possible youre serving as an inside trading source for one of Teslas biggest short-sellers? An ex-Tesla employee just went on record formally claiming you bribed him ; he sent you valuable Tesla IP in exchange. Is this true?
It can do hands free right now. Being able to text people via voice while driving would be a good feature to add...
Next gen Atlas robot
good point
Model orders, whether in store or online, are limited to two per person
Strange that moved valuation, as Tesla is very much a production ramp problem, not a demand problem
Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, Baby Doge
Thanks for offering! Sure, that would be great.
Ok
Bold move, sir, bold move
ft diameter tunnel running miles under D.C.
Great labeling tools ; talented human labelers really matter. It really is a skilled profession! Importance of good tools ; infrastructure is underrated.
Maybe Ultimate Spaceship, Version ? Mostly because it is not the ultimate and there isn't a version .
Were upgrading all NNs to surround video, using subnets on focal areas (vs equal compute on all uncropped pixels) ; many other things, so more time needed to write ; validate software. Maybe something next week. This is evolving into solving a big part of physical world AI.
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins
On the transporter
Large pouch cells undergo significant volumetric changes at high state of charge. Even so, fire risk is probably less than gasoline cars. There are over combustion engine car fires every year in US alone. Its literally in the name.
Maxwell was incredible
I am become meme
Biden is treating the American public like fools
Dec will be a big month, so probably, but it is impossible to be certain right now
Super fair criticism. Were putting max resources on this. Hard to hire enough repair technicians in Norway! Please apply if interested.
That said, most Starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on Earth
To be clear, Im confident that a stainless steel ship will be lighter than advanced aluminum or carbon fiber, because of strength to weight vs temperature ; reduced need for heat shielding
First, we need to make it super safe ; easy to use, then determine greatest utility vs risk. From initially working to volume production ; implantation is a long road. As with vehicle safety, it will be much harder to pass our internal standards than minimum regulatory standards.
Upper stage is flight, except mass sim in place of Merlin. It will get fragged for sure by aero loads ; Dragon abort thrusters.
Safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng ; active by Autopilot. Design in automotive refers to look ; feel.
Exactly. Thats Monday.
Busted! I secretly short shorts.
Probably fine. Some Tesla taxis in Amsterdam have times that mileage.
Everything happens so fast. Its such a different paradigm that applying aircraft concepts to rockets is almost like applying shipping concepts to aircraft. Travels km in mins.
Successful Starlink deploy
Maybe just make Joe Mode quieter?
We must safeguard the future of life by transitioning to sustainable energy on Earth ; becoming multiplanetary via Mars. Its not clear how much time we have to do these things, but sooner is definitely better.
Sure
Extended tracking shot of Falcon
We couldve made a mile Model S months ago, but that wouldve made the product worse imo, as % of time youd be carrying unneeded battery mass, which makes acceleration, handling ; efficiency worse. Even our + mile range car is more than almost anyone will use.
Antibody half-life for cov2 is very short. In a study that SpaceX did working with Harvard epidemiology, it appears to be as low as or weeks. Nonetheless, reinfection rates are very low ; symptoms are minor, perhaps due to memory T cells
Klippenstein has gone full twitter troll. Big mistake. Never go full troll!
And really knows cars!
Danke!!
Watched them personally to make sure ; I agree with the outcome. Wouldn't have judged differently. Amazing videos all, but was best.
According to experts, Hyperloop is both obvious and impossible. Maybe pick one or the other?
Dojo, our training supercomputer, will be able to process vast amounts of video training data ; efficiently run hypersparce arrays with a vast number of parameters, plenty of memory ; ultra-high bandwidth between cores. More on this later.
Tons of fun!
Scrubbed for the day. A Raptor turbopump spin start valve didnt open, triggering an automatic abort. Well figure out why ; retry tomorrow.
Maybe I will
Haha true
By the way, I am actually a socialist. Just not the kind that shifts resources from most productive to least productive, pretending to do good, while actually causing harm. True socialism seeks greatest good for all.
Anywhere can be paradise as long as you have the will to live.
True, that was pretty impressive
We cannot make all country versions simultaneously or the production start would be a disaster. You would get first in Norway.
Thought youd say that. Anytime anyone criticizes the media, the media shrieks Youre just like Trump! Why do you think he got elected in the first place? Because no ones believes you any more. You lost your credibility a long time ago.
Story of my life
Scary sign of times to come. It will get worse.
Yes
Don't you already have a spaceship?
Its great
Tomorrow will be the th flight of this rocket, landing on droneship Of Course I Still Love You
Robot Heart is
Tickets to orbital hotels, the moon and Mars will be a lot less than people think.
Fallout Radio
With Cyberpunk, even the hotfixes literally have hotfixes, but great game
Reality looks like a strange ghost-world at radar wavelengths. Almost everything except metal is translucent.
Much more than this ; increasing rapidly
Im about to test the configurator ; then it goes out to early reservation holders tonight
Uh ok, here we go
Hes def wrong. Solar power is a Gigawatt per square km! All you need is a by mile patch in a deserted corner of Arizona, Texas or Utah (or anywhere) to more than power the entire USA. This analysis goes through calcs
Tesla Model S Consumer Reports customer satisfaction survey highest of any car on road at /100
Live video feed of launch at
Ive literally had dreams about cup holder designs
No signature series for Model . Same reservation amount for all.
Thanks Austin
Thats true to some degree, but citizen podcasts that arent negative like Rogan, Fridman, Dodd, TED interviews, etc are very popular. Maybe part of why traditional media outlets are so negative is because old habits die hard? They so rarely even try to be positive.
Pravda was incorporated a year ago. Also, Tesla factory safety has improved every year ; is now better than industry avg. Misleading articles refer to Tesla being worse than avg in when we were just figuring things out.
Great nails ; lipstick
Agreed, sent a note to Starlink team last week specifically regarding albedo reduction. Well get a better sense of value of this when satellites have raised orbits ; arrays are tracking to sun.
Yes. Working through regulatory approvals.
No need to be a gigachad to own
Seriously
Model S just set record for fastest door ever at Laguna Seca, video tmrw
Well try to get ; deliver as many as possible. N95 masks are a pain to wear btw. Less onerous masks are better most of the time.
Done
Yes on both counts. That would be a great outcome for civilization.
Were not seeing notable differences yet. I think the boosters could probably do + reflights. Some of the (small) composite helium tanks would need to be replaced. Maybe turbopump hot sections.
That would be awesome
Fallout Shelter is on your Tesla. Tap the Entertainment button.
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. Its better because of you!
Did it for the memes
The guides are basically just a wheel, a shock absorber ; a solenoid. Costs a few hundred dollars in volume.
Jay is right
Moon Base Alpha
The fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally ; should never be a function of bargaining. This is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
Video is amazing with the Tesla sound system. Will include Caraoke!
Nice work!
This baby Model S really is quite fun
meter or roughly ft diameter
Not intentional! We just wanted to show that you could theoretically convert the entire US vehicle fleet to electric using only the lithium in Nevada, a single state. Tesla will do lithium mining only as needed. We also found a way to extract lithium using NaCl (table salt).
Landing on Ms. Tree
Ok
Side view of Falcon Wing doors
If you have cool arrows, youre in
Please trash me on Wikipedia, Im begging you
We do need to have the Fallout-themed party! Aiming to do that once international travel restrictions are lifted.
Yes, were working on ventilators, even though I think they probably wont be needed
He wore them well. No denying it.
Adding functionality to Tesla phone app allowing owners to request service for top issues with or taps
Electric motors also have insane torque. If we load both trucks to the max, electric still wins. Physics is the law, everything else is a recommendation.
Cant wait for the new season to start!
SpaceX documentary actual footage
Fractured but whole
Monthly subscription price will rise when FSD goes to wide release
Tesla Semi
Often comes as a surprise when people learn that % of my time is on engineering/design and just % on other stuff
Firmware update coming later this month will increase power by ~5% ; top speed by km/h or mph
Youre a good person
Probably mid next year before we are able to make RHD. Wish it could be sooner. Maybe try a Model S, used or new in the meantime? Used S is better than a new imo, unless you want a smaller car.
No problem
That was me tweeting from when someone else had snatched my name. I was actually one of the earliest Twitter users, but dropped my account because people were tweeting such trivialities at first. convinced me to get back in.
Vielleicht muss ich die Kirche im Dorf verlassen?
Signing off from impromptu Twitter AMA. Thanks for the suggestions. Btw, we really will have more cow bells.
Yoke allows unobstructed view of the screen
That issue is better in latest Autopilot software rolling out now ; fully fixed in August update as part of our long-awaited Tesla Version . To date, Autopilot resources have rightly focused entirely on safety. With V9, we will begin to enable full self-driving features.
Ive been tweeting strange shit since Ramses II. He was a great pharaoh!
It is inspired by Cyberpunk
Sure
Fully
Ok
I feel compelled to state the obvious fact that Coachella is excellent.
Bought, but SpaceX is spooling up to manufacture proportional solenoid valves for Medtronic (confirmed as critical today with chair ; CEO)
For other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. Also, gives a sense of demand. Current rules in India prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
Nice shot
No, as better to vary thickness with vehicle height, but this is the right way to go for Boring Co tunnels reinforcement imo
Place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection
Because is obviously louder than
And, of course, you can pay in oge
I dont want to be CEO of anything
I think if you go there, they just feed you delicious candy all day and ask nothing in return.
Sorry Had a vital mission in Norway Now I am back
Yup
That was fun! I was operating on limited sleep ; serious back pain, so not at my best. Its awesome that you know so much about how rockets work ; their development history. Am happy to do another factory tour in a month or two and talk about whats changed since last time.
Mars Awaits
Thanks for reminding me. Will rectify.
True
There will be many test flights before commercial passengers are carried. First Earth to Earth test flights might be in or years.
Most people arent aware that orbit (and zero gravity) is all about horizontal speed, not altitude. A spacecraft needs to travel about times the speed of sound to stay in space.
Love that people are buying a Tesla for the product itself, even if they dont believe in climate change. Not everyone can be convinced about global warming, but if an electric car is simply the best product, they dont need to be.
We cant have a blanket pass, but maybe for some events
Haha
At Fremont until late tonight, Giga tomorrow, Fremont Sunday. GA4 is great, but have to say that GA3 crew is pulling off miracles against all odds.
This is the key paragraph
Intentions are good, but massively overweights CH4's effect on climate.
Like I said ...
I love Douglas Adams! My favorite spaceship ever is in HHGTTG.
Model S range curves in detail by version
Prices in the US (of all goods) dont include VAT, but its usually included in other countries. Then theres import duty ; transport costs. The intent is that revenue to Tesla is roughly similar in all countries, so taxes, tariffs ; transport make up the difference.
Were working through the general case of making Steam games work on a Tesla vs specific titles. Former is obviously where we should be long-term.
Sanskrit is ancient ; amazing, but Archaic Sumerian is generally agreed to be oldest written language. As for what was first spoken, its hard to say, as no one wrote it down! So much history has been lost due to lack of writing (on something durable).
Very tiny
Always wondered where exactly your gaming character keeps all the stuff
Exactly. Our NDA is actually shorter ; simpler than most.
Panic is always dumb
First production cargo trip of the Tesla Semi heavy duty truck, carrying battery packs from the
Fear (and memes) get clicks
They are part of the solution, but require lots of fresh water ; land. We may need something thats ultra-large- scale industrial in to years. For now, by far the top priority is accelerating the transition to a sustainable energy economy.
Both should have been done under the same corporate umbrella from the beginning
Exactly, Tesla ; Nvidia numbers described by Pete were max *usable* teraops running our vision net
SpaceX has Boeing, Lockheed, Europe (Ariane) and Russia (Proton/Soyuz) near checkmate in rocket technology. End game is all about China.
Yes, usually several times more energy over the course of the year than is needed by the Model S
Great work with Stripe btw. Much needed.
Glad SpaceX could help! We are prioritizing emergency responders ; locations with no Internet connectivity at all.
Basic white adds too much to service repair complexity. Team convinced me better to go with pearl white.
Amazing work by Tesla China team!!
Prometheus Unbound
Meme necromancy
Also, Blood, Gandalf the Grey ; Superdraco
Napoleon was incredible. It is my wish that my ashes may repose on the banks of the Seine, in the midst of the French people, whom I have loved so well.
Can't emphasize enough that white is the best interior. Also, pick seats unless you really need .
Its not often that the Governor of California ; the President agree!
Sigh
We dont make much money on this product, so $1000 actually means a lot
This test hopper is at full body diameter of m / ft, just not full height. Super Heavy will be full height ; diameter.
First point release update expected to go out this weekend
Yes
Im openly moderate. There, I said it.
Weve been working on this for about years. Originally meant for rabies vaccine, but it can make pretty much anything thats an RNA sequence. Critical path is completing human trials.
Yes
Strange but true
minutes from launch. Looks good so far.
This is simple and just works
erotic democracy &gt;&gt; sclerotic democracy
True
Tweak music ; car karaoke
Starship is literally more pointy because of that movie haha
Pot kettle
Sounds kinda fun
A lot has happened in the past years
That was a tough one. New Model Y structural pack is next-level though.
It begins
On my cousin's farm in Canada at , wearing a hat on a hat
No, its along the way
Our intent with this pack is that product experience is roughly equivalent between nickel ; iron. Id personally slightly opt for iron pack, as it wants to be charged to %, whereas nickel prefers ~90%.
For the record, my voice cracked once during the NY Times article. Thats it. There were no tears.
Still a long way to go
This may sound surprising coming from me, but I agree with The Economist. Rex Tillerson has the potential to be an excellent Sec of State.
Reusability is essential. A rocket that is single use is just as absurd as a single use airplane. F9 engines already fire times per flight.
Yeah. Fate loves irony.
Weird that this actually happened. Music makes a big difference.
Pinter injector tends to have hot ; cold streaks. Hot streaks burn a rut at the throat that accelerates erosion.
At least they had great cigars
Yes. Its very rare to find all three.
Brevity is the sole meunire of wit
Norway
Regression in some left turns at traffic lights found by internal QA in . Fix in work, probably releasing tomorrow.
Desperate times call for desperate measures
Will consider
Does it like the smiths?
Naming theme for tunnel boring machines will be poems ; plays. Decided against plays ; poems. Too obvious.
I will do a full technical presentation of Starship after the test vehicle were building in Texas flies, so hopefully March/April
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
Falcon about to launch Dragon to
Tesla AWD is dual motor, so you can fully drive the car even if one breaks
Thanks. Not super fun right now
T/W will be ~1.5, so it will accelerate unusually fast. High T/W is important for reusable vehicles to make more efficient use of propellant, the primary cost. For expendable rockets, throwing away stages is the primary cost, so optimization is low T/W.
Good idea
Yeah
. Orbital launch tower that can stack . Enough Raptors for orbit booster . Improve ship ; booster mass
Thanks! What is your favorite tea?
Competition is good. Results in a better outcome for all.
The extension cord was miles long, but still
Checking into this
Fellowship of the Raptors
Totally agree. Tesla phone app should have all controls that car center screen has, so your phone can serve as a complete backup.
Still basically nothing compared to the orbital mass flux needed for a base on moon or Mars
Tesla Solarglass vs Happy Halloween!!
Order a Tesla online in mins at
We must aspire to truth
Maybe I can be helpful. Had Mobi-C disc put in at C5-C6, however st surgery failed to remove bone spur sticking into my spinal cord. nd surgery took care of it. Recommend using Yelp or other online reviews of doctors. Effectiveness varies widely.
Detailed review of rocket telemetry needed to tell if due to initial splashdown or subsequent tip over and body slam
We just finished building a huge expansion in Tilburg!
Roundabouts no problem, but dodging distracted human drivers very tricky!
Should be. Will fix.
Yes
All things in moderation, especially etymology
Yeah, otherwise hard to find them
People often think theyre breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O ; a dash of neon ; krypton (etc.)
Raul Campos invited me to do a guest DJ gig on KCRW. Hear my random holiday season music selections at
That was a crazy tough year. Tesla financing closed at pm Christmas Eve last hour of the last day possible. Payroll would otherwise have bounced two days after Christmas.
Ur welcome, pls be nice to the humans
Sure
Who is best at capital allocation government or entrepreneurs is indeed what it comes down to. The tricksters will conflate capital allocation with consumption.
Rocket landing speed was close to design max ; used up contingency crush core, hence back ; forth motion. Prob ok, but some risk of tipping.
important to set AC to not recirc (air exits thru rear) and use the snap in shade, which Tesla service can provide
Yes
Yeah!!
I meant lmpe. Wheres the edit function when you really need it!?
Ancient Greece had it all ; then committed suicide. Nobody digs your grave better than yourself.
They have about three weeks before their short position explodes
First movie I ever saw in theaters
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
This is important
Many talented engineers are working on FSD at Tesla. What matters is solving vision at high frame rate in our compute space with low latency between camera frame ; actuation.
Trying
Not yet
Those two really could have come in handy for the stuck ship!
Thanks!
Another milestone
Agreed
Working on Top Secret Tesla Masterplan, Part . Hoping to publish later this week.
In other news
At Tesla, using AI to solve self-driving isnt just icing on the cake, it the cake - Join AI at Tesla! It reports directly to me ; we meet/email/text almost every day. My actions, not just words, show how critically I view (benign) AI.
Pretty much an average day back then
That pretty much proves it isnt me
Yes, thats exactly what I meant, Gary the Bot!
Fourth rocket arrives in the hangar. Aiming for first reflight in Sept/Oct.
In class action lawsuits, the actual plaintiff is always the class action law firm. They just find someone willing to serve as a puppet to represent the class.
Tank treads on the arms
This a great reference! Worth a read.
Hopefully next year
True. Im a gamer ; my boys are too. Starlink is designed to be great even for competitive twitch reflex games.
We should have a base on the moon, a city on Mars
System automatically selects between mobile service ; service center appointment. Say prefer mobile in comments to bias. We will add a check box for mobile preferred.
SolarCity panels produce enough zero carbon energy to charge entire Tesla fleet
I know! Congratulations to the people of Bolivia !!
yes
Youre welcome! Very exciting times ahead for space.
Story was fed to LAT ; many other media to counter IMF $5T/year fossil subsidy study. Hey, both have a !
Quarks ; leptons
Literally cant tell if this is real or deep fake
The Universe is a Hydrogen Sonata
To be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for Earth to orbit!
Will do our best. Decentralized control of the robots will be critical.
Perhaps there will be some future bill that makes a difference for Mars, but this is not it.
Hopefully so
Comes with free towels. Nothing more useful in the entire Universe.
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over % *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
USAToday FTW!
Sounds good, we will send one over
Wise words from Gary the Bot
Tesla Solar Tile Roof V3 launch tomorrow at pm
Yeah, it might break
Both exhaust velocity (Isp) and mass ratio drive the rocket equation. Also thrust/mass matters a lot for Oberth effect. Delta upper stage Isp is good, but mass ratio and thrust are not.
Yes
Now k orders
Not a meta4, I mean actual books
Haha probably true (sigh)
Tim's piece on AI is excellent, but we actually face a double exponential rate of improvement. AI hardware ; software are both exponential.
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
V cool
is relativistic side effect of
Tesla Full Self-Driving will work at a safety level well above that of the average driver this year, of that I am confident. Cant speak for regulators though.
Yes
The finest in apocalypse protection technology! Flamethrower optional.
Moral condemnation used not for morality, but as a weapon for manipulation is messed up
I am not a dog. Heres a pic of me:
Exactly
Tesla FSD price rising to $12k on Jan
Yes
First public Tesla V3.0 Supercharger Station goes live Wed pm
Yes, reopen with care ; appropriate protection, but dont put everyone under de facto house arrest
Huge thanks to all Tesla supporters around the world helping the cause. We you!!
So strange that people often believe things inversely proportionate to the evidence. Given a set of possible explanations, why pick the extremely unlikely one!?
Making rockets
Looks like we are go for launch. Added an abort trigger at T-60 secs for pressure decay of upper stage helium spin start system.
Working on Tesla global logistics
This is the Crew Dragon spacecraft design that we unveiled earlier this year:
Yeah
Hope they dont find this pic!
LOX
No, UAW does that. They want divisiveness ; enforcement of class lords ; commoners system. That sucks. US fought War of Independence to get *rid* of a class system! Managers ; workers shd be equal w easy movement either way. Managing sucks btw. Hate doing it so much.
Front vs rear wheel weight distribution, though commonly asked, isn't the right question. You can have % on front, % on rear ; still have poor handling if mass elements are far from center. Dumbbell mass distribution is bad, spinning top/dreidel is good.
As many have already noted, is a division of Fiat, an Italian company. We specifically said first *US* company.
Isn't that basically like having a jury of peers? That is a default option in the US.
We certainly could, but, while not suggesting complacency, I'm confident that the US DoD and intelligence orgs have this covered
We are working on enlarging the opening. Aperture will be big enough for almost anything.
"The Girl Who Fixed the Umlaut"
Exciting progress in Boca! Hopper almost ready to hover. Based on tonights test, looks like Hz Raptor vibration problem is fixed.
Blog on Autopilot by
The zooms around the world about every mins
Stainless steel is correct, but different mixture of alloys ; new architecture. Unlike Atlas, Starship is buckling stable on launchpad even when unpressurized.
Appears to be simulations all the way down
sides def, center maybe
Always admired Margaret Thatcher -- she was tough, but sensible ; fair, much like my English Nana
Even Discord has gone corpo
Congratulations!! Mars is very difficult.
Oddly mesmerizing
Sure
I dont have an emerald mine, nor was I given free money from anyone, inheritance or otherwise. Ashlee Vance interviewed hundreds of people. Ask him.
Good advice
Vegas FTW!
Investigating a (very small) leak in the upper stage. If ok, will launch tomorrow.
Just discovered a great Tesla ad made by recent college grads. I love it!
Still working on the video. Fully autonomous drive demo only completed several hours ago.
SpaceX Photos Are Now Available Under a Creative Commons License
Small fry. The sun converts over million tons of mass to energy every second.
That said, the white interior is the best. Highly recommend.
we will send something to everyone who ordered, but an extra gift for those who stood in some crazy long lines
it is not actually left-handed
Maybe % change to interior dimensions. Still very roomy.
If you scare people enough, they will demand removal of freedom. This is the path to tyranny.
Rapid ; complete rocket reuse, low cost propellant, orbital refilling ; propellant production at destination are the four essential elements of making life multiplanetary
Exactly
Thats true Merlin A was terrible. C was ok, D good, but block Merlin (should probably be called E) is something special. Took about years to get there.
Tesla owners can schedule service appointments in under a minute just using their Tesla phone app!
OpenAI + Dota
Great point. Many articles are retweeted based on headlines that dont match the content.
Next gen Roadster will be convertible
Hoping to start releasing to scores with V10.5 in about days
Dog snuggle thread on reddit. Comments get really good.
Hi
Finally, an explanation for daylight savings that makes sense ...
Upgrading to kW soon
I do seriously need a haircut
Yup
Cybertruck unveil on Nov in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
Presentation of Interplanetary Spaceship ; Rocket design from
If only he could find those chaos emeralds
I know such an underserved market
Whoa the stock is so high lol
No no
Tesla merch buyable with Dogecoin
What a tool
Paid respects to Masada earlier today. Live free or die.
Pc (chamber pressure) high due to colder than expected propellant
Yeah. I find it soothing.
That doesn't make sense. Will look into it.
Yeah, I didnt have a house in the Bay Area for over a decade, despite spending half the week there
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow. Adding a Powerwall battery is highly likely to increase home value too imo, as security against blackouts is increasingly important.
Online ordering at will now open at :30pm Pacific to ensure no server overload. Presentation still at :30.
Do you know anyone who has gone there?
Avg speed of NY Subway is actually mph. TBC loop can run at mph with pax autopods passing every second, routing automatically between tunnels to their destination. Thats /hour/lane ; you can build dozens of lanes. Will crush any subway in throughput ; convenience.
Just want to that the Shortseller Enrichment Commission is doing incredible work. And the name change is so on point!
Yes
Maybe worth considering chloroquine for C19
Compliment from Jeffrey is much appreciated, but the people of Tesla deserve all the credit
Only way to create rapidly ; fully reusable orbital rockets, the fundamental technology revolution needed to make life multiplanetary
Plaid+ is canceled. No need, as Plaid is just so good.
Maybe Im partly Chinese!
Raptors on Booster initially, rising to later this year, along with thrust increase per engine. Aiming for &gt;7500 ton thrust long-term. T/W ~1.5.
Automatically drive to most obvious location unless occupant says otherwise
Midnight
Absolutely
Sound reasoning
Length will grow by ~500 ft over time
Were building out Tesla body repair in all major metro areas to ensure super fast ; excellent outcome
But we call it caraoke, because its in a
Upgraded SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pod speed test soon. Will try to reach half speed of sound (and brake) within ~1.2km.
Exactly
Gonna put an old school drive-in, roller skates ; rock restaurant at one of the new Tesla Supercharger locations in LA
A general solution to self-driving (essentially, real-world AI) requires writing extremely difficult software in the arenas of training, inference, control, analytical tools, data management, hardware optimization ; simulation. One of the hardest technology problems that exists.
I have one
hot pot
Almost anything. Length/diameter is much lower ; Starship doesnt have a hammerhead fairing that acts like main sail.
Thats quite a blast from the past! After my Zip2 experience w patents, I felt that patents (particularly software) inhibited innovation, instead of fostering it. I aspired to file zero patents after that. In , we open-sourced all Tesla patents
Possibly my favorite skit
Dang, we broke the website
Also, system should autodelete old data automatically by default
These rumors are untrue!
Yeah and hell yeah
Much above bar main chamber pressure means extreme oxygen preburner pressure of to + bar. Definitely pushing the limit of known physics.
Wow, this is crazy
We are dramatically increasing Tesla Superchargers within cities ; working with landlords to add home charging to apartment buildings
And so the robots spared humanity ...
These were based on direct requests from their ICU wards, with exact specifications of each unit provided before shipment
I talked about Falcon ; Heavy for over a decade!
Presentation streaming live from at pm Pacific
I recommend propulsive landing, as that is extensible to planets, moons ; asteroids. Wings ; runways are limited to Earth.
Working on Model dual motor all-wheel drive ; performance versions. Driving feel is amazing. Aiming to release config late tonight.
Tesla is using only internal ; open source software ; operates Bitcoin nodes directly. Bitcoin paid to Tesla will be retained as Bitcoin, not converted to fiat currency.
Science-fiction should not be fiction forever!
It's time they knew
Vector-space birds eye view coming with FSD
Reply to : Yes, Model S seats adults + kids with room for luggage in the front trunk. My kids love the rear facing seats best.
very true
I will post an article he wrote half a century ago about flying through Africa and Asia in his plane. One of my favorite things.
Giga Berlin will come together at an impossible-seeming speed. The prefabricated construction method in Germany is extremely impressive.
Any money transmitter or other licenses needed to use this in USA?
Agreed, thats the right future
What I love about The Boring Company are the low expectations. Nowhere to go but down.
Perhaps most telling is that Norway, which is partly above the Arctic Circle, has more Teslas per capita than any other country on Earth.
That said, I still only own BTC, which a friend sent me several years ago. Dont have any crypto holdings.
Putting Model S in range mode is the opposite of launch mode, as it minimizes performance in favor of range. Show should be called Low Gear!
I was at that Vanity Fair party with . Dont know Ghislaine. Real question is why did VF invite her?
Agreed
We are looking for hardcore software engineers. No prior experience with cars required. Please include code sample or link to your work.
The final configuration used at Nrburgring to set the record will go into production around summer , so this is not merely for the track
Carnot efficiency of the Universe?
Love the Concorde
Hawthorne, California
Nope
ETH beam heh heh
After
Seems quite likely at least based on revenue in ; possibly total units in
So many reporters gave Chanos airtime when he called Tesla a worthless fraud. Now that he has been proven wrong, silence
What blows my mind is that peak pressure in regen chamber ; nozzle is *far* above combustion pressure at over bar or ~12,000 psi
V important to make all of humanity proud, but in this case a particular duty is owed to the American taxpayer
Yeah, for Super Heavy stacking
Yeah, with cooling channels integrated into the chamber walls
Yes
Should be fixed soon
Yes, we will
True. Only reason other medium ; heavy lift rocket companies are winning any missions at all is due to govt intervention. Otherwise, theyd be as defunct as expendable airplane companies. ULA is powered by lobbying.
Great, thanks
Yes, but held up by Autopilot . It def works tho in shaving sec off -60mph ; /4 mile. If AP goes tmrw, then perf upgrade goes Thurs.
Tonight
No need, Top Gear already did
Yeah, it's better than a Model . We can put a lot more in a car at a higher price.
Haha
Rate at which things are getting more bizarre appears to be increasing
But actually
I believe so
What everyone really thinks ... RT : If Mayans were good at predicting the future, there'd be Mayans.
I should clarify: Tesla stock is obviously high based on past ; present, but low if you believe in Tesla's future. Place bets accordingly
I believe its $5k
Anti-matter production would require vast amounts of energy. No need though. We have a super reliable, massive, free fusion reactor called the sun.
Yeah, the smarter someone is, the harder it is to simulate/predict their behavior
Tap on the screen
Booster ; Ship will return to orbital launch pad on Monday (winds allowing). Just finishing off some small plumbing ; wiring, which is easier in high bay.
Commercially procured launches means launches that were openly competed. SpaceX is not allowed to compete for many US and non-US launches.
Truth is stranger than fiction
that's a great one
SpaceX has employees in California, Washington, Texas ; Florida. Operating this entire time, as we have national security exemption. Zero deaths or serious illnesses.
April st
That looks tasty!
Thats what we believe is highly likely
Yes
Tesla should really be thought of as roughly a dozen technology startups, many of which have little to no correlation with traditional automotive companies
Fixed in next release
Famous last words
Root of energy to mass ratio is max render speed of the simulation
Good one
Yes
Exactly. There is no MSRP, only P.
Well said.
Uh Chad wtf
We should do this
Looks good
True
Spark plugs ignite dual blow torches that ignite preburners ; main chamber
Also, we get our lithium from Australia
Double-standard?
Fallout-themed opening party for Vegas Loop happening as soon as allowed!
Snowed in at Mt. Rushmore
Yes, will show V2. Still far from LASIK, but could get pretty close in a few years.
We live in a gerontocracy
Our condolences for the tragic loss
After a while, hydrogen became sentient
Yes
Just kidding (obv), but the Fermi Paradox is bizarre
Not that this really matters. All current rocket tech, including ours, sucks. Only when it becomes fully reusable, will it not suck.
No, but for sure the other way around!
Yeah, this really is me, as my Mom will attest. Not sure I can handle just doing char missives. Will put longer thoughts on G+
Will do. Love Reddit.
I have no control ; only very limited insight into OpenAI. Confidence in Dario for safety is not high.
Thin tiles on windward side of ship ; nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
Indeed. Grid fin designs clearly work, but do they maximize payload? Good chance that they do not. Something with much more drag to reduce terminal velocity ; so reduce landing propellant might have better performance. Not sure. Potential future optimization.
So hard to find out whats going on in the world without being bombarded with news that makes one sad ; angry!
Profit just means you earned more money than you spent ; certainly does spark innovation. Jesus. This is obv a good thing ; extremely hard. It has taken Tesla years ; were almost there. Every other US car company besides Ford ; Tesla has gone bankrupt.
Whats honey?
Yeah, it has a lot of potential
Starlink is a little patchy to Tonga right now, but will improve dramatically as laser inter-satellite links activate
Approximately correct. We also fire the ACS thrusters to rotate the vehicle ; ignite Raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
Thank you!
Deep in the hole with my boring machine. Sometimes when we touch, the honestys too much ...
Yeah, although hydrogen is not a great choice for a booster engine
Probably m for next gen system
Thanks for offering! Sure, that would be great.
all regions
Touch
Dragon splashdown off the California coast
Thanks!
Drag Race Times analysis is correct. Also, theres a software upgrade for Model S coming out that increases peak power by HP, so Model S should beat Porsche Taycan Turbo S by a wider margin in to ; /4 mile races.
Fred, every fire *is* investigated. Problem is those who only write about injury Tesla fires while ignoring fatal combustion car fires or fail to mention any contextual statistics in their article, misleading readers into thinking EVs have high fire risk when opposite is true.
I'd highly recommend upgrading to latest Model S (which is approx version ). Only if you really want a smaller sedan, should you get a .
Exactly
Localized electro-magnetic field generators
Good news coming soon
There were baffles, but one may have acted like a straw to suck bubbles in from above liquid/gas level. Something similar happened on an early Falcon flight, resulting in unexpectedly high liquid oxygen residuals at main engine cutoff.
Engines are cycling cleanly w ground pneumatics. Replaced gas generator on engine (center) as a precautionary measure.
True, diverting a comet would be super hard. Could be done with small asteroids ; a mass driver, but this is risky.
Nullius in Verba
Thursday next week at pm Texas time
This does sound excessive. Will look into it.
Talked with Tesla team. Looks like we can do the aluminum Model pedal covers (slightly different from S). Turning on production for Model Performance version.
To be clear, Tesla is in California, so it is not April Fool's yet! Also, some may differ, but imo the Tues news is arguably more important.
Advanced, reusable rockets are all we need to become a multiplanet civilization. Once we have a city on Mars, interplanetary travel will create a forcing function for vast improvements in spaceflight.
Maybe we should advertise informationally just so people know stuff like this exists
Sanjay deserves a lot of credit for making X/PayPal succeed. Now helping SpaceX serve rural communities in India. Much respect.
Almost done
Levitt rocks
Next year
About to ship. holding flamethrower pickup parties in a week or so, then deliveries begin. Check for details.
Answer is complex for electric motors. We use an AC induction motor fed by a DC pack thru an IGBT inverter, which kinda "digitizes" DC power
Yes, full flow, gas-gas, staged combustion. Will take us time to work up to bar. That is a mad level.
If the alarming collapse in birth rate continues, civilization will indeed die with a whimper in adult diapers
Thank You for Smoking
Rocket reentry will be much tougher this time around due to deep space mission. Almost X force and X heat. Plenty of hydraulic fluid tho.
Raptor turbines can spin up extremely fast. We take it easy on the test stand, but thats not indicative of capability.
Theyre required by law, but designed to be easy to remove by owners
True
Jet A (kerosene) has much higher energy density than Li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less ; convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
Am considering taking Tesla private at $420. Funding secured.
All news sources are partially propaganda, some more than others
no problem
True
Looks like a wheel of cheese
lol
All Model S and X cars will have an auto raise and lower function for the steering wheel in a few months.
Production Raptor goal is specific impulse of seconds and thrust of MN (~310 metric tons) at bar
Attach wheels to the landing legs ; tow Starship to the launch pad
One of my favorite original Roadster colors!
Also times more fun!
Meant to say
Told you AI was dangerous!!
Reason RBC question about Model demand is absurd is that Tesla has roughly half a million reservations, despite no advertising ; no cars in showrooms. Even after reaching k/week production, it would take years just to satisfy existing demand even if new sales dropped to .
Supercharger policy explained well by : Will post detailed description soon. I think it's a good balance.
Yup
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes!
Good point
It is an honor to work with such talented engineers
Yes, rather embarrassing tbh
Absolutely
Tesla Enhanced Summon coming out in US next week for anyone with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option
Haha
No
Exactly
Agreed
Exactly. This is not fully appreciated.
Changing Tesla horn sound to
Side camera view looks a little weird, as meant for self-driving, but will review with team. Image will need a little post-processing.
Probably only need three types: straight ramp, spiral ramp ; elevator. Latter only for tight spaces.
So true
Many UI improvements coming
Good idea
is ten times better than
First orbital stack of Starship should be ready for flight in a few weeks, pending only regulatory approval
Since Raptor produces tons of force, cost per ton would be $1000. However, Raptor is designed for ~1000 flights with negligible maintenance, so cost per ton over time would actually be ~$1.
Great idea!
Marginal cost of Starship mass to orbit should be well under $100/kg. Fully burdened cost depends on flight rate.
Exactly
Reminds me of when I hex edited Ultima V to get out of the final maze
Of course. Why is that even a question?
This is crazy. Should use Tesla Megapacks for load-leveling the grid. More effective, more reliable and costs less.
Yes
Haha
SN4 wont get flaps, so can only do flights with engine on. Just did a reset this week on flap, actuator ; static aero design. Either SN5 or SN6 will get flaps.
Looks like sooner than expected. The sheer magnitude of short carnage will be unreal. If youre short, I suggest tiptoeing quietly to the exit
haha
Should all be uploaded by next month
Mk1 ship is around tons dry ; tons wet, but aiming for by Mk4 or Mk5. Total stack mass with max payload is tons.
Beta should be ready in about a week. Beta with single city/highway software stack ; many other architectural upgrades probably next month.
Its designed to be way better. Well see what reality has to say about that.
Nope, T is def first
Yeah, will post soon
Onboard vehicle logs show Autopilot was turned off in Pennsylvania crash. Moreover, crash would not have occurred if it was on.
That is a great guide
True, my name literally means tree
Groan
Yeah
We are the Von Neumann machines
Its true
How do we know this story isn't fake? Unfortunately, it is probably true.
Hardest problem by far is building the production system of something this big. nd hardest is achieving full ; rapid reuse with payload to orbit of ~2%.
High payload/delta-V missions will always be far downrange. Value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. Altitude is almost unimportant.
Also think there should be a universal basic income that doesnt change even if you get a job. Productivity should be rewarded.
The Boring Company just connected Resorts World hotel to Vegas Convention Center!
Dawn at Cape Canaveral
SEC forgot to read Tesla earnings transcript, which clearly states k to k. How embarrassing
Cool! Actually, if you buy a Tesla without a test drive, you have days to return it. If you buy after a test drive, you still have hours. Trying to incent buying with no test drive.
Whoop Whoop!!
How much is it?
Thanks!!
Sounds about right
The AEI meeting wasn't secret and I was only there for a few hours to talk about Mars and sustainable energy. Nothing to do with Trump.
Place your bets
And so annoying
Definitely
Both obv insanely great, too bad they had this pointless argument
Free Britney
Was no "company", just a (wrong) biz plan to commercialize ACP's Tzero car. No tech or IP, no employees ; didn't even own Tesla Motors name.
Youve done something incredibly dishonest by supporting a journo who falsely stated that Im against science, then cherrypicked tweets that dont represent the vast majority of my followers to make false claims against them too
Haha sure sounds like it
In general, product comments, suggestions and criticisms are always welcome
Its true
Streaming. Check Neuralink website later today. Starts around pm.
He would our first openly goth president. I think this is very important.
Unlikely for early ships to splashdown intact. Getting to orbit at all on first try would be a major win.
Basically begging for it
The Tesla customer referral program will end on Feb . If you want to refer a friend to buy a Tesla ; give them months of free Supercharging, please do so before then.
Thats correct. Essentially controlled falling, like a skydiver.
Auto import duties are prohibitively high. Hoping for a special category for EVs. Most of our discussion was about batteries.
I've written two forward-looking master plans, but haven't told the Tesla history of how we got there. Lot of drama Prob worth doing?
We aim to do the most for the least $
This is my pet bee, Eric
Want me to sell more stock, Bernie? Just say the word
Im a fan of Rust. Clearly scales well, given that Discord uses it. For max performance, however, nothing beats tight C with a customized compiler on specialized hardware. Important for max frame rate on vehicle inference computer. Otherwise, we mostly use C++ ; Python.
No, bottom static aero pushes engine section back, counteracting Starships low center of mass on reentry caused by the engine section. Aiming for to deg angle of attack during high heating portion of flight. Dont want to reenter with engines blasted by plasma.
Always liked Kestrel. It was the Robin Hood of engines.
Long exposure of AsiaSat transiting to geo orbit over China
It would be an honor to have you visit Starbase
Even have the URL
Same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about bar more
We took the SpaceX/Tesla Hyperloop pusher pod for a spin by itself a few days ago to see what it
Tesla pack swap vid still being edited (multiple camera angles). In meantime, this article contains a vid
Occupy Mars
My oven keeps asking for my wifi password. Its not gonna get it.
What I find most surprising is that CNN still exists
Just tap the voice button on the steering wheel and say "Play Monty Python" or "Navigate home" or anything. Voice commands work pretty well.
That is a very good point!
Maybe he should design flag of Mars
Norway rocks!
Ok
Shanghai Giga will produce affordable versions of /Y for greater China. All Model S/X ; higher cost versions of Model /Y will still be built in US for WW market, incl China.
Interesting. My Thursday night saliva sample came back today with N1 gene (unique to cov2) showing at cycle ; N3 (generic sars) at . I get results of todays test tomorrow. Almost no symptoms today, so hopefully better results.
They will never let you down
snacks
Actually happened to me in Cyberpunk haha
As goes Norway, so goes the world. That said, still a long way to go to replace the fleet of combustion vehicles on the road.
Important to distinguish died with covid vs died because of covid. Also, distinguish between tested positive for covid or only had symptoms.
yes, that has been the goal from the beginning
Wow, a lot has happened in years!
Not saying new Giga will be in Texas, but Cybertruck will be produced there wherever it is, as Fremont is at max capacity
Should preface this saying that feedback from early Tesla Solar roof owners has been v positive. Its stunning vs a regular roof in person imo. Photos dont do it justice.
Working on that with Medtronic. Given NY pressing needs, were delivering Resmed, Philips ; Medtronic ventilators to NY hospitals starting tonight.
Cool
I have a feeling that the gerrymandering will not work as well as they think
Almost forgot! Due to recent regulatory/customs rules enacted to inhibit transport of anything called a Flamethrower, we have renamed our product: Not a Flamethrower.
. will transport your car all the way into your garage
So true
It is pitch black. You are likely to be eaten by a grue.
Also, u can order online at in mins, have car delivered to ur doorstep ; return for full refund
Apologies, were upgrading our logistics system, but running into an extreme shortage of car carrier trailers. Started building our own car carriers this weekend to alleviate load.
Will recognize ; read all signs for FSD. Focused on traffic lights ; stop signs right now. Most are very easy. Difficulty is millions of corner cases.
Model Y unveil event on March at LA Design Studio
For sure
Tesla Autopilot Team
Some people use their hair to express themselves, I use Twitter
Same timing
What is the general population (no knowledge of symptoms) accuracy of a sars-cov2 PCR test ; is it possible to generate a false positive if you simply run enough cycles?
This is why we must preserve the light of consciousness by becoming a spacefaring civilization ; extending life to other planets
Yes, in plan. Superchargers and public high power wall connectors will keep growing exponentially every year.
OG wisdom
Will discuss with team
Falcon rocket now vertical at Cape Canaveral on launch complex -A. This is the same launch
Interact with games via touchscreen, steering wheel buttons ; XBox/PS controllers
Yes
Welcome to . He will apply Formula techniques to revolutionize servicing mainstream cars.
I've talked to Mark about this. His understanding of the subject is limited.
Long exposure shot of Dragon and the Space Station arcing across the night sky over Texas
People like it!
Also, I stole the idea from Spaceballs
He plays golf a lot
Much appreciated. This was a serious attack.
Dojo/Doge
Had a great time with my kids
Yeah
Just a static fire tomorrow. Flight no earlier than Wednesday.
If Tesla committed delivery ; customer made good faith efforts to receive before year end, Tesla will cover the tax credit difference
However, public transit is obviously not fully solving the problem, as most major cities have been in traffic hell for decades with no solution in sight. Multi-level tunnels can solve this, but we need much better tunneling technology, as it is currently super slow and expensive.
Production is by *far* the hard part. Thats why Im not super worried about early Starship failures. Initial serial numbers are suboptimal, so would be lawn ornaments if they survived. That said, as lawn ornaments go, theyre pretty sweet
Pohtaytohz
Watch Demolition Man
Starship SN5 just completed full duration static fire. m hop soon.
Fan art is the best
Maybe August, not more than a few months
Which seems to be the approximate pixel size of reality
In your opinion, at what Ct number for the cov2 N1 gene should a PCR test probably be regarded as positive? If Im asking the wrong question, what is a better question?
me too!
you're welcome
Pre-Happy birthday!
well done!
Current global payload to orbit capacity is about tons per year, of which Falcon is about half
Calling this cueless would be generous. Much less energy required for lithium-ion batteries ; Gigafactory is powered by renewables anyway.
But sometimes when we touch
There will be no loss of either
Astronauts Play With Blobs of Water in Zero Gravity
The gas generator is a small rocket engine that powers the turbopump, which produces horsepower ; weighs lbs
Some of best classic games coming as Easter eggs in Tesla V9.0 release in about weeks. Thanks !
Thats certainly our impression, but its an old version of Tesla software, so effect is limited
Exactly
Check out Model S at Tesla Austin Gallery at The Domain opening today! I will stop by this eve and tomorrow morning.
Turns out Besos retired in order to pursue a full-time job filing lawsuits against SpaceX
Still much to be done, but it has that potential
Please send examples of prior work when applying. Looking for max playability ; creativity.
It will be exciting to see what new cultures humanity creates on other heavenly bodies!
Teslas action is not directly reflective of my opinion. Having some Bitcoin, which is simply a less dumb form of liquidity than cash, is adventurous enough for an S500 company.
Write games
Rest in peace Syd Mead. Your art will endure.
Latest S and X tires have internal acoustic foam
Important to service very high latitudes
Very real possibility
Headed to Adelaide soon to describe new BFR planetary colonizer design in detail . This should be worth seeing. Design feels right.
That always blows my mind. Sad thing is that we havent been back to the moon in half a century.
To simplify production, many Tesla Model S ; X interior configs, will no longer be available after Nov . Order now to be sure of the one you want.
Yes
Nothing
If it passes Australian regulations, then sure
True
Love Tesla supporters so much!!
In his th Brumaire essay (in which he does make some good points), Marx famously said history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce. This is now ironically happening with Marxism.
I used to be one. You're welcome. Trying my best, at least. Hope it's a bit useful.
Get Tesla Solar plus Powerwall battery for /7 clean power ; no more blackouts!
True
A simple white (not pearl multi-coat)
story rocket turns off its engines ; does a controlled fall
Next year
m something something
Wow, great idea! Since it will already have a Tesla pneumatics system, it totally makes sense to add a utility port.
Intense effort underway at Tesla to develop a practical autopilot system for Model S
Outer engines stick out slightly from m diameter, dont gimbal ; are mechanically joined at nozzle
Just wrote a song called Dont doubt yer vibe
Photoshop is amazing
Should mention that the Tesla solar roof is robust against any weather, incl heavy hail. Also, higher insulating value than a standard roof.
Six. Two windward, one under each fin ; two leeward. Provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
The opposite. Any insights gained by one team must be shared with the other, but other team not required to use them.
Yes
Youre missing the point ; living in a bubble of self-righteous sanctimony. The public doesnt trust you. This was true *before* the last election ; only got worse. Dont believe me? Run your own poll
Some people seem to think I tweet to affect share price. This is false. A brief rise in $TSLA stock obviously does no good for Tesla or me.
Tesla advanced Summon ready in ~6 weeks! Just an over-the-air software upgrade, so will work on all cars made in past years (Autopilot hardware V2+).
Because our universe is actually a microverse in a miniverse. We probably just power someones brake lights.
King of the Goblins, Master of the Labyrinth
Krypton thrusters operative, satellites initiating orbit raise every mins
Adjusting The Boring Company plan: all tunnels ; Hyperloop will prioritize pedestrians ; cyclists over cars
Yay!
Its not
DMT FTW
Please lmk results of your water tests
No easy way to answer this in a tweet, but helping with dire brain injuries is our first priority. Details Aug .
Probably . Depends on regulatory approvals.
New Tesla red going down assembly line for the first time. We spent a lot of time on this color!
If Tesla is able to succeed with imported vehicles, then a factory in India is quite likely.
The SpaceX theme song by Total Ghost is just too good ... ooh ooh ooh
Hardcore techno, aber vielleicht ein bisschen Fahrstuhlmusik auf der Toilette
This will be hard to make, as it isnt like any other vehicle
!! Will take action.
No rare earth metals in battery
Hopefully, mid to late next year. We are being more cautious abt expanding countries to ensure a great user experience each time.
Its integrated roof ; solar, so should be light enough for almost any home
Probably months or so. is certainly fine for orbit, but SpaceX X will be better.
We dropped the ball badly regarding new Model X production ramp ; still havent fully recovered. Was idiotic to stop production of old X in Dec when there was still plenty of demand!
This is twice the area of our standard phased array with broader scan angle
At SpaceX Boca Chica launch site in Texas
Tesla doesnt have the bandwidth to do it, but there are some good third party mod shops
So cute
Sharknado is real
Model S Performance powertrain produced so much torque today that we broke the dyno. sec -60 mph will not be a problem.
TANSTAAFL. Would be better to have small fees than no fees, as latter makes Robinhood beholden to big trading houses. Got to pay the bills somehow. Even Etsy has fees.
Wow, hard to believe that was years ago!
Denmark just ended Covid restrictions
Not to mention !
Tesla Semi Truck in Mad Max Mode
After you drive without using a PRND stalk/stick for a few days, it gets very annoying to go back ; use a shifter!
Capitalism already has many fetters in the form of a plethora of regulatory bodies! Im definitely against any monopolies/oligopolies where there is a low forcing function for improving customer happiness or an unpriced externality that consumes a common good (eg emissions).
New Tesla Summon will ur
Robyn is great
Obviously, a flamethrower is a super terrible idea. Definitely dont buy one.
Will consider
Yup
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke
The libertarian argument for a carbon tax
I am hoping to be back next month!
So true
The FSD upgrade is the Tesla computer with our NN chip
I would say that is the greatest publication in the history of all conscious beings, living or dead
News on Sunday
A lot.
Turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. Requires an inducer ; impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
Spacecraft arrives at Port of Los Angeles for transfer to SpaceX test facilities in Texas
Tesla wired the funds to repay the DOE loan today. Only US car company to have fully repaid govt
Investigating
Likely true
Engines currently on Starship hopper are a blend of Raptor development ; operational parts. First hopper engine to be fired is almost finished assembly in California. Probably fires next month.
Was at a friend's party this weekend and drank wine from a mason jar
What gave me away?
Yeah
Congratulations on completing the LA/Hawthorne tunnel! Cutting edge technology!
First I've heard of this meeting. Will find out why.
Oh right Bitcoin haha
Glad you like it
The safest place to hide a dead body is the second page of Google search results!
it until you make it
Replacing faulty/missing neurons with circuits is the right way to think about it. Many problems can be solved just bridging signals between existing neurons. Progress will accelerate when we have devices in humans (hard to have nuanced conversations with monkeys) next year.
Tip of the day
Lasers
Entirely possible. Social media is a limbic amplifier, which inherently destabilizes civilization.
Respawn++
Launching in one minute
Interesting name
I didnt realize there was one. Will do.
Planning a significant upgrade of the droneship for future missions to handle literally anything. Maybe give it a Merlin for good measure
Ignition!
Good summary of yesterday's Gigafactory Q;A with JB, Yamada-San and me
Respawn++
Needs a little warming up
If youre into video game development, consider applying to Tesla. We want to make super fun games that integrate the center touch screen, phone ; car irl.
Compilers can be way better too. Not enough effort spent there.
Gas/diesel cars too
Wow, accurate analysis!
Timing is uncertain, given externalities, but yes
Since theres only one main engine, which gives pitch and yaw control, roll control is provided by the nitrogen attitude control thrusters
Youre welcome!
We use no cobalt at all in most of our cars ; tiny amounts in others (going to zero soon), whereas phones ; laptops primarily use cobalt
Yes, mostly because you can use the ship every week going to the moon instead of every two years for Mars (best case)
If all goes well, Falcon will achieve triple digits this year
Tesla will hold a super fun AI party/hackathon at my house with the Tesla AI/autopilot team in about four weeks. Invitations going out soon.
Also fake Soundcloud rapper
Im Gesprch mit Mathias Dpfner
That bs was pushed by oil ; gas interests to distract people from the $5 *trillion* per year they receive in subsidies. Bernard Sanders is a docile puppet of big oil!
We slowed down a bit to allow Supercharger V3 production to get going, but now will speed up!
All Raptors have slight throttle range by adjusting flow to ox ; fuel turbines, but deep throttling imposes limitations on injector stiffness ; needs extra hardware. Swear these are legit technical terms
Its not boring
Most likely
Haha
Thats actually kinda true
Hamster has mad skillz!!
Its a quintillion (10^18) floating point operations per second enough to simulate a human brain
On center screen. Also, center screen *will* show speed as an overlay that changes opacity according to relevance.
Haha
Would be helpful to distinguish deaths caused by covid vs unrelated to covid!
Dronship with wings folded traveling through Panama Canal
He was amazing
Happy Mothers Day Mom! Love you so much.
What cant we predict?
For an in-depth explanation, read
maybe
Just a guess, but probably mid teens. Booster ; stacking on orbital pad are likely limiting factors. Well build several ships just to improve the production system.
Only if unable to order by May
Looking at pups soon!
Hell yeah
Been wanting to go ever since that Finnish metal band won
Some traffic could just go terminal -&gt; satellite -&gt; satellite -&gt; terminal and never touch the regular Internet
Tesla commercial solar ordering now live at !
Distance from fireball is *a*t^2, so if t is small, you havent moved far even if a is high. At ~6g thrust, youll only travel ~0.03m in ms. Pressure wave (aka explosion) with liquid rockets is low, as ox ; fuel are poorly mixed. If you can fly out of it, youre prob ok.
Remove
Moon too
No, they are not : Are electric vehicles really a 'dead end'? sure thinks so
Tesla product unveiling on the th (unexpected by most), followed by Tesla/SolarCity on the th
Utter nonsense. Empirical evidence is what matters, not random speculation.
Yeah. Even stacking on the pad will be quite an adventure!
Pretty wild
The Model production ramp was sheer agony for two years, but that was do or die for Tesla. No US car company has reached high volume production with sustained free cash flow in ~100 years. Hundreds of car startups all died or were absorbed for peanuts by big three.
No more political comments for me now that I've shot off both my feet.
Having dinner where a dude is hanging giant underwear with a cherry picker.
Possible, but one step at a time. Anything we release to the fleet has big implications these days. For example, if someones on data roaming ; video is enabled, they will get a giant cell phone bill. Operating in + countries results in many corner cases!
All our patent are belong to you
Major increases in the Supercharger and Tesla urban charger network happening over the next several months
Wishing good vibes for all in nd half
Renewable energy production (solar, wind, geothermal), improving home insulation ; electric transport will do the trick. Vegan/vegetarian helps a little, but isnt critical. We should take the set of actions that maximize total public happiness!
Build of FSD should be done QA testing by end of next week, so thats roughly when download button should show up
Merkindise coming soon!
Its really quite fun!
Nice
Good question. NHTSA is great for fundamental structural safety, except for unbelted front passenger occupant factor. Very rare these days for front passenger to be unbelted. NCAP also great, but there are some weird headlight angle factors. Super inside baseball stuff
This rocket was meant to test very high retrothrust landing in water so it didnt hurt the droneship, but amazingly it has survived. We will try to tow it back to shore.
Gas cars are so last-century!
More aero effectiveness to create steep spires on windward side at the grid fin intersections
Rocket will land in highest winds ever at Cape Canaveral tonight. This is intentional envelope expansion.
Stacking fairing ; tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines ; landing gear
Wow, youre ignorant. Dont remember you, but disclosing classified US missile technology to hostile nations would violate ITAR law ; land you in jail. I didnt review it, but my team did. Obviously nobody cared about what your article said. Please.
System automatically selects between mobile service ; service center appointment. Say prefer mobile in comments to bias. We will add a check box for mobile preferred.
e f f d f e
Accurate
Emo G Records
Almost there. Probably in a few months.
Article is misleading to readers. No one is "taking home" anything. In a stock for stock transaction, nothing comes off the table.
I think will still be better than a normal roof, but adding a heating grid to automatically remove ice ; snow sounds like a good option. We have that already on car windows!
Worlds first very large scale battery has worked out well
I hate advertising
Hi Nina! So how many would it take? Just between us.
Yes
Hoping to catch the fairing in a few mins
Im not sure whether that number is lucky or unlucky
Fair point
Coming soon
Not if you had a wide elastic at the top
Very meaningful action by the company that invented the internal combustion engine. People will remember this day. Respect.
Starship/Super Heavy, which is ~10X mass of Zenit, will mostly launch from ocean spaceports long-term
Woohoo!!
Would love to make a Tesla supertruck with crazy torque, dynamic air suspension and corners like its on rails. That'd be sweet...
Excellent explanation of the diff betw getting to orbit vs space (suggested by )
Sure hope so!
Baby Thanos?
True
This might be my finest work
No kidding
Their negative gross margin will be staggering
Yes, your article (and many others) rightly identified that we made a mistake. New financing is not perfect, but much better.
Because a Tesla produces no emissions ; filters most toxins, pollen, spores ; viruses, it actually cleans up surrounding air as it travels
Were working on a simple initial version of Autopark. Will be safe, but sometimes park in silly places that arent actual parking spaces.
Tunnels are the solution to traffic. You can have as many levels as you want. Usable tunnel depth far exceeds tallest buildings, so would work even for New York or Beijing.
Agreed
Why did publish a love letter puff piece about Chanoss cuff links? Who took the pic? Obv not objective
Yes, California approved, but an unelected county official illegally overrode. Also, all other auto companies in US are approved to resume. Only Tesla has been singled out. This is super messed up!
Yes, it is a purely propulsive landing, but using the huge landing gear A frames as air brakes. Landing prop &lt; % of vehicle mass
My kids and I are having a great time!
New Roadster is part rocket
Our primary challenge is affordability. Creating an expensive truck is relatively easy. If it is extremely hard to do so for Tesla, despite our much greater economies of scale ; better technology, then it is damn near impossible for others.
In the future, it will be as strange to have expendable rockets as it would be to have expendable airplanes today. All will be reusable.
Yup
The rate of improvement from original GPT to GPT-3 is impressive. If this rate of improvement continues, GPT-5 or could be indistinguishable from the smartest humans. Just my opinion, not an endorsement. I left OpenAI to years ago. Am a neutral outsider at this point.
Exactly. Short-sellers are value destroyers. Should definitely be illegal.
Full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so /year. Still, non-trivial at tons of thrust/year.
Landing on a stormy sea
Original moth meme
Great for roasting nuts
Testing header tanks. All good so far.
You should notice several other improvements
By the way, Tesla factory worker compensation is the highest in the auto industry
Front doors have a short arc and their interior panels are chamfered back
Edgy
Lessons learned
Wow, thats a lot of podcasts! Ok, I will do one. Maybe we could combine with Dave Lee and a few others.
Yeah, will post shortly
They can form a union whenever they want ; theres nothing I can do to stop them. California is a very pro-union state. They just dont want to.
Slowpoke! Didnt even finish his hypothesis
What car do you drive?
If curious abt TSWLM car, am still planning to do a sports sub car that can drive on roads. Just a side project. Limited market potential
Fixing
Sounds like a good idea
Your server-side code is doing too much
especially well
Recently asked service team to expand locations to all population regions (not just major metros) in North America, Eastern Europe, China ; Japan by end of next year. We are completely missing vast geographic regions in some cases.
Sulla and the original Nero who was instrumental in defeating Hannibal are underrated
Very true. Glass doesnt burn ; melting point is extremely high, so much more resilient than asphalt or wood roofs.
Yeah, roughly MW/km^2 using currently available solar panels. Whats really amazing is that you can store all energy needed to power a continent overnight with square kilometer of stacked Tesla Megapacks!
Thats an error in Canada. The lease payment is specifically lower than loan financing, as Tesla expects to repossess the car. This is essentially a bet on residual value. If you believe residual value will rise, buy on loan, if you think it will drop, then lease.
Iron(y)man
Renaming BFR to Starship
Its simplicity is its genius
Congratulations . Good move by . Please use Matts Twitter pic. Essence of a good editor
[puff, puff] what if the cure for cancer [puff, puff] was in the leaf ??
Price increase for Tesla FSD postponed until version with smart summon is in wide release, which is about to weeks away, depending on how early access goes
Seriously!!??
Yeah
s is with a area ratio vacuum (or Mars ambient pressure) nozzle. Will go over specs for both versions on Tues.
So proud
True
Haha
For example, an American car going to China pays % import duty, but a Chinese car coming to the US only pays %, a tenfold difference
Very likely that a home with clean power thats lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
Just kidding, who needs a safe word anyway!?
Gravitas is overrated
Tesla is responsible for /3 of all the personal ; professional pain in my life combined. But it was worth it.
Essentially, passive Autopilot (car intervenes only when crash probability is high) cuts crashes in half. Active Autopilot (car is driving itself) cuts crashes in half again. Doesnt mean there are no crashes, but, on balance, Autopilot is unequivocally safer.
Frame rate t2/E
Autopilot active crash prevention keeps getting better, as we examine every crash for improvement ; then upload smarter software. Ironically, I hope were never on the list!
Autopilot team is making great progress. Reality sure is complicated!
I wish I had had the opportunity to talk to him
Oh my, what a dashingly handsome hat you have!
Only ever have
Yeah
They will be recovered from the water ; reused
Just want to say thanks to those in government who fight hard for the right thing to happen, despite extreme pressure to do otherwise. Therein lies the core goodness of the American state.
Starship halves being joined
Ok
It will only work for higher latitudes (Seattle) at first, then get progressively closer to the equator
Gary the snail is like Speedy Gonzales on meth ... or ambien. One of the two. Either way, Godot, our tunnel machine, is still a distant nd.
We basically stole our product roadmap from Spaceballs
Why many come to America
True (sigh)
Starship Super Heavy engine steering test
Please consider moving to Starbase or greater Brownsville/South Padre area in Texas ; encourage friends to do so! SpaceXs hiring needs for engineers, technicians, builders ; essential support personnel of all kinds are growing rapidly.
It is simulations all the way down, until you get to one bit
Main advantage of this is a much stronger EM field compared with a rotor that is held together by metal (usually high strength steel). Other advantage is that rotor can go to higher RPM, as carbon sleeve (mostly) stops copper rotor from expanding due to radial acceleration.
Fine by me
Probably in a few months
Srsly
Not only was the paint without any discernible flaw, but the various panels formed a body of precision that was beyond reproach
Hi Mom!
Dragon fly by of Space Station planned for :47 am California time. All systems green.
Some of the tests we initially tried at Tesla were ~50% false positive, including some from major medical device companies. Too many testing methods were approved too quickly. Wouldnt blame the FDA, though. Public was demanding fast test approval.
Temporary spike in some areas due to X rd row seat recall. Should be sorted by June.
Exactly
Who controls the memes, controls the Universe
This is actually real
Its getting Biblical
Yes no maybe
Exactly. For reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. For ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. Therefore reusable like Starship wants lift during high Mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.
An advantage I did have is that my father is a talented electrical ; mechanical engineer, so I was taught a lot engineering (without appreciating it at the time)
Precisely
Exactly
Note, no one is in the car or controlling remotely. Car is driving entirely by itself.
System is working well in Australia ; New Zealand
It is unfortunately common for many in academia to overweight the value of ideas ; underweight bringing them to fruition. For example, the idea of going to the moon is trivial, but going to the moon is hard.
No, but very close
Uh no
Here you go
They will fly there from our launch site. Stationed around the world.
years ago today, SpaceX was founded. Many battles fought. Physics always won.
Singapore has enough area to switch to solar/battery ; be energy-independent
Not even a good fake anonymous The article is behind a paywall, and it looks like Anonymous hacking skills are not enough to get behind it
Yup
Hopefully fully operational in
Waymo is impressive, but a highly specialized solution. The Tesla approach is a general solution. The latest build is capable of zero intervention drives. Will release limited beta in a few weeks.
Flux capacitor option package
We are actually looking for revolutionary actuaries for Tesla Insurance! Please inquire, if interested.
Its a big deal that Dragon is reusable, with improved refurbishment efficiency with each passing flight! This is not the case for other orbital spacecraft. It means the spacefleet grows every time a new Dragon is made.
Note, this is not the spike protein. They dont consider that reliable.
I thought this was an Onion article
Yeah, it would allow many streets to become parks and walking areas. Less concrete, more trees.
U r a powerful
Cant wait to be in Genshin Impact
Annual tire rotation is actually optional. Only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
m hop in a week or two
Test-driving our new boring machine with a
This is quite a complex beast, but hopefully within a month or so
Must be aliens
Note, gas contained would be ultra high pressure air in a SpaceX rocket COPV bottle. The air exiting the thrusters would immediately be replenished whenever vehicle pack power draw allowed operation of the air pump, which is most of the time.
Good campaign
Sorry to hear about the launch. Hope they recover soon.
Best crash safety system is not crashing in the first place. Makes a world of difference for pedestrians ; cyclists especially.
If youd like to help develop Doge, please submit ideas on GitHub ;
Hyperloop (near) vacuum tube runs parallel to SpaceX on Jack Northrop Blvd. It is miles long and just under ft in diameter.
yes. Will easily fit two child seats. Three if you buy slim seats.
Giga Texas is epic
Raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. Better long-term, but more finicky in development.
Congrats Robb!
Dankeschn Brandenburg und Grnheide!
Im not messing around. Absurd ; medically irrational behavior in violation of constitutional civil liberties, moreover by *unelected* county officials with no accountability, needs to stop.
First birds werent real, now bugs arent real either!?
Doge day afternoon
We look for rare corner case issues with a limited release US build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. So, soon, but hard to say exactly.
The enemy of my enemy is myself
u cant sell houses u dont own u cant sell cars u dont own but u *can* sell stock u dont own!? this is bs shorting is a scam legal only for vestigial reasons
Reason is Newton's Third Law. In vacuum, there is nothing to "push" against. You must react against ejected mass.
Nice work
Way too many paywalls ; spawn points
Yes
We need to do one more minor rev on and then will go to wide release in a few weeks
There are type of people: those who understand binary ; those who dont. And those who werent expecting a ternary joke.
nice
PyTorch is the most frequently used external tool set/library
Outer engines stick out slightly from m diameter, dont gimbal ; are mechanically joined at nozzle
After k hats, we will start selling The Boring Company flamethrower
Three quarks for Muster Mark!
Perhaps you are unaware that Twitter has a search function? The hospitals *themselves* acknowledged receipt of ventilators.
No, but that was an epic piece at a time when the word was being overrun by demented versions of an otherwise delightful jam container. It was like World War Z, but mason jars
They can shake their fist at the sky
So crazy to subsidize pollution! This is not good for people, especially in dense cities with heavy traffic, where your air intake is jammed up against another cars exhaust pipe.
No, its along the way
The Tesla facility is open plan ; were not going to erect walls everywhere for a journo tour. I know journalists too well ; they are some of the worst ; best human beings Ive ever met. Youre the former.
Some Starlink terminals near conflict areas were being jammed for several hours at a time. Our latest software update bypasses the jamming. Am curious to see whats next!
Launch in mins
Solar area will need to be higher with obscuration, but works better than one might think
Even Gary likes it!
I think it will reach
And no toilet paper
Time to tell the story of Tesla ; SpaceX
Hoping to get this done soon
Age of Napoleon is excellent
Yeah, George is a little nuts, but I like him ; he often has interesting things to say
Boys High is a government school for anyone local, which we were
Yes. All-weather. ~300km/h high altitude winds. ~60km/h ground winds. Its a beast.
Turns out that gun is for the toilet paper
That would be a nice touch
Should add a few miles of range, more in slow traffic
Sandwich time travel is the only explanation
Yes, am arguing against subsidies and in favor of a tax on the end bad created. Market will then achieve best solution.
Do you like our owl?
[ahem]
Duck emoji defeats Emo G Records. Crushing victory.
If we applied resources to doing super complex retrofits, our pace of innovation would drop dramatically
Fates loves irony
Absolutely
yes
Turns out ExxonMobil not % forthcoming about climate change via
I was trying to channel Herb Tarlek from WKRP
Good times with
Good point
Will do, although SpaceX reddit is very well-informed. Really impressive analysis by some commenters.
Pic of the Model S getting supercharged with the lovely
Long way to go, but we've convinced most of the auto industry to start EV programs ; gave them all our patents to help, so that's something
Oh yeah? Ill see ur expert ; raise you a Chris McKay
Have to focus on tonight's launch. Will post Tesla (master) product plan afterwards.
Sorry, its not really sustainable at volume production ; doesnt incent optimal behavior. We probably should have ended this earlier.
Safety work is done by engineering, with passive safety by body/chassis eng ; active by Autopilot. Design in automotive refers to look ; feel.
Hi Sarah
Yes
Starship to Mars simulation
Yeah, new Model S ; X have PS5 level entertainment computing power
Rococo Basilisk is
Excessive shades of grey
Top SpaceX priority is and will remain supporting crewed spaceflight and National Security missions
Right question to ask Dyson or others: what is probability that human actions could cause catastrophic climate change?
We are working hard to make that happen!
Freedom is being stripped away one piece at a time until it is gone
Yes, this is insane
Tom is still an advisor to SpaceX, but semi-retired about years ago ; doesnt work on Raptor. Will Heltsley heads propulsion overall, but Raptor is a team effort. No single leader.
I was just there about a month ago
Camera views from inside the payload fairing
I do love Tintin
Not easy to convey irony in a tweet
Strong incentive to make up ; promote negative news
Yes
Trying to set a good example
Next will be modified Plaid with added aero surfaces, carbon brakes ; track tires (all things that can be done without Tesla being in the loop)
Goal of government should be to maximize the happiness of the people. Giving each person money allows them to decide what meets their needs, rather than the blunt tool of legislation, which creates self-serving special interests.
That might have something to do with it. Stalin: Court of the Red Tsar was one of the few books so dark I had to stop reading. If only theyd listened to Lenins last wish, much tragedy may have been averted.
They are dead to me
That math is incorrect, but still a lot of devices per second! I guess if Tesla can reach M cars/year, that would be one every ~1.5 seconds!
Olympics opening is excellently British. Jolly good show!
Pretty much
Electric is the future! Congratulations Daimler!!
Mid for RHD
I know, I know. Russia seriously didnt correct me on this!
Exactly
Your insights over the years have been excellent. Thats approximately right.
Tesla will never stop innovating. People are buying the wrong car if they expect this. There will be major revs every to months.
Nobody likes being regulated, but everything (cars, planes, food, drugs, etc) that's a danger to the public is regulated. AI should be too.
Odds of rocket landing successfully today are still less than %. The % figure by end of year is only bcs many launches ahead.
All Starlink satellites online, solar array deployment coming up soon
Something on a tristate border might work. Gigafactory plus nearby supporting supply chain needs a very large workforce.
Pretty much
There are some installed already, but full rollout really needs Supercharger V3 and Powerpack V2, plus SolarCity. Pieces now in place.
Sclerotic democracy
Direct democracy by the people. Laws must be short, as there is trickery in length. Automatic expiration of rules to prevent death by bureaucracy. Any rule can be removed by % of people to overcome inertia. Freedom.
Yes. Model S will always be the fastest Tesla until next gen Roadster, which is a few years away.
It is high time there was a carbon tax!
Yes
Very unlikely
Frank Frazetta
Something messed up here. Tesla policy is equal pricing for all. No discounts ever unless a car is a floor model or was damaged.
Yes
Indirectly, an electric rocket is possible by using electricity to convert CO2+H2O &gt; CH4+O2. This will be needed on Mars even for early missions ; Earth too over time.
Same
At the Samovar having tea called "monkey picked iron goddess of mercy". Those monkeys sure know their tea.
Yeah, makes sense
After all, SpaceXs first payload to orbit ; back was a wheel of cheese
Good one
Sorry for any confusion. Dojo is a neural network training computer optimized for video (for self-driving). Unless there is a predictable pattern to hashing Scrypt (which we will not attempt to find), it will not be competitive with ASIC-based hashing. Potatoes are delicious!
I think Einstein said that
v^2/r is fun haha
sure
Exactly
Homes with solar sell for % more, according to Zillow
Starship will enable a quantum leap in deep space ; planetary science
Raptor engine mounted on Starhopper. Aiming for hover test Tues.
Tesla Solar Roof + Powerwall in major new housing development in Austin
Uhh, hello, I need to build cars
You never know ...
Monty Python is amazing
Wow, I built my first server room with parts from Frys. Ending of an era.
Nice to meet you
Never. There is no product rationale for doing so.
Actually, weve made slight changes, but the range improvement is &gt;90% efficiency
"Welcome qwerty monkey Jesus love" are the top most popular passwords after "password".
Upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
Yes
smol puppy math
Exactly
Probably
Exactly
Just did a episode with Dan Carlin. Hope you like it.
Youre welcome! Feature requests always appreciated.
Worth reading Asimovs Foundation
Sensors are a bitstream and cameras have several orders of magnitude more bits/sec than radar (or lidar). Radar must meaningfully increase signal/noise of bitstream to be worth complexity of integrating it. As vision processing gets better, it just leaves radar far behind.
Sooo annoying!!
Staggeringly dumb
Market was bit high anyway, so due for a correction
Jay *really* knows cars! Next-level.
We worked so hard to create that exact view. Seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
Toxoplasmosis infects rats, then cats, then humans who make cat videos. AI trains achieves superhuman intelligence training on Internet cat videos, thus making toxoplasmosis the true arbiter of our destiny.
We figured out how to design rocket parts just w hand movements through the air (seriously). Now need a high frame rate holograph generator.
True
Cephalopods have a strange intelligence
. Keith, is this about right?
Static fire is not risky from build site, but we need to clear the build site for early flights
Absolutely! Tesla team rocks
Continue to be amazed by the bravery, resilience ; tenacity of kids ; diving team in Thailand. Human character at its best.
That is an exciting goal!
Sometime in
SN5
Outcome-based contracting with multiple competitors is vastly better than cost-plus (especially if sole-sourced), as the former rewards results ; latter rewards waste. Outcome contracting should be applied broadly within government. The difference in results will be incredible.
Wow, that would be quite a trip!
Yes
Over time, outer will have ~300 tons of thrust ; inner ~210, so roughly tons total at sea level or T/W for booster+ship
Thats why Cybertruck has active suspension height ; damping control
Motor Trend could only achieve sec when they tested the Porsche
Also, carbon fiber spoiler, Performance wheels, black ; white interior.
Preburners ignite, then main chamber
Btw, I don't think Apple is doomed. Just won't unseat Google from st place with Larry P in charge.
Wow, I super loved astronomy (but took it at Queens, not Penn)! Definitely one of my favorite classes. Senior year quantum mechanics at Penn was the hardest class I ever took. That stuff will mess with your mind.
Hopefully, months
To date, AI chatbots have had a rather short MtH (meantime to Hitler) score. Tay was ~16 hours.
I have trouble understanding any other motivations tbh
That's not a lot of money for a giant like Daimler/Mercedes. Wish they'd do more. Off by a zero.
Trippy
Definitely. You will be able to do pretty much anything via voice command. Software team is focused on core Model functionality right now, but that will be done soon, then we will add a lot more features.
Super strong roof that generates clean energy, looks great ; costs less than a normal roof plus solar panels!
NYTimes article about Tesla range in cold is fake. Vehicle logs tell true story that he didn't actually charge to max ; took a long detour.
Important
Moreover, lower the true prevalence, the higher the false positive number will be. This sounds obvious, but it could mean a very high false positive percentage if true prevalence is low.
Anonymous bot swarms deserve a closer examination. If theyre evolving rapidly, somethings up.
No, weve been focusing on production (now on SN12). Only need bar or even a bit less for Starship/Super Heavy. Anything above is nice to have ; well get around to it, but not needed for flight.
True
Great progress by Starship Cape team. Started several months behind, but catching up fast. This will be a super fun race to orbit, moon ; Mars!
Im not. Will use SpaceX cold gas thruster system with ultra high pressure air in a composite over-wrapped pressure vessel in place of the rear seats.
Haha kinda true
Applies worldwide
Will talk about that on Q4 call
Absolutely, please do! You should be allowed to recoup damages from the county.
All Raptors on booster, whether fixed or gimbaling, would be the same. *230 gets ~7600 tons of thrust ; T/W of ~1.5.
Most likely
Tesla China team rocks!
Final corner case is dealing with low contrast lane markings (faded white on grey concrete) while driving into the sun at dusk
It is an honor that they would choose to work with me. I strive to ensure that the companies enable creative ; driven people to reach their potential.
CA's Death Valley is again! Tesla hot weather testing was done there. Model S was fine but gas tow truck overheated.
Doge meme shield (legendary item)
Exactly
Luck is the best superpower
Too niche
Inter-satellite laser communications means Starlink can carry data at speed of light in vacuum all around Earth before touching ground. Over time, some amount of communication can simply be from one user terminal to another without touching the Internet.
My chariot license is made of papyrus!
True
Whereas radar has trouble seeing small pedestrians, theyre obvious to Tesla vision
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Was misquoted by BBC as saying "Europe's rocket has no chance". Just said the [Franco-German] Ariane has no chance, so go with Ariane .
Yes, rather embarrassing tbh
Even smaller to a chip
Nobody *expects* the Cybertruck
Soon
Hopefully, actual video coming soon. Aiming to improve the link quality so it can be real-time.
I agree that this *can* be done over time, but recent extreme energy usage growth could not possibly have been done so fast with renewables. This question is easily resolved if the top hashing orgs just post audited numbers of renewable energy vs not.
Will be worth it
Exactly
This is based on an incorrect Electrek article. The Air Force asked me to speak at a startup conference called Pitch Day ; I happened to mention Cybertruck. They dont buy APCs. Its the Air Force.
Search UAW and corruption. Very long reading list. Great organization.
Thoughtful model
Reason for top rating is that active steering ; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars
Only if necessary
Real fraud going on is denial of climate science. As for "subsidies", Tesla gets pennies on dollar vs coal. How about we both go to zero?
We just got banned in West Virginia. Oh no.
But the hat is real!
Great, hope yours is too!
Btw, is calling ; wants its method of execution back. Seriously, what museum do you plan to raid?
Obviously needed
With rare exceptions, composites would make Starship heavier. They dont stand up well to high temperatures, but steel does great.
Not sure, will ask regulators
Public support for life on Mars is critical to making it happen
Moving fast
Exactly. UAW does not have individual stock ownership as part of the compensation at any other company.
Tom did an awesome job leading Merlin, Kestrel, Draco ; other engine developments from start through that were critical to SpaceXs success. Great respect ; appreciation!
Target altitude of km achieved. Thanks for riding on Falcon ! Looking forward to future missions.
Hi Liz!
I think I mentioned octane too much haha but it was actually a big deal
Yes, Germany has outstanding engineering talent
Yup
Its good
Exactly
Tesla Model S now first ever electric vehicle to receive EPA range rating above miles!
Model S review by Motor Trend
Physics favors electric transport, batteries for stationary storage ; solar/wind for energy generation
Caused by switching frequency of light source. Surround video (multiple cameras, across several frames), improving fps ; exposure setting tweaks solves this. All in FSD build.
Agreed, its a small, but important, feature
Thats how she likes it
Hollywood refuses to write even one story about an actual company startup where the CEO isnt a dweeb and/or evil
Great wiki piece!
FTW
Yes, she would be able to breathe
Will do an open call Q;A
Haha
. Can only happen with your support, and working closely with key govt and utility leaders who are strongly committed to trying new approaches
Looks promising that Beta , about weeks later, will be good enough for public opt in request button
But can I pay in Doge?
Will publish something on the Hyperloop in about four weeks. Will forgo patents on the idea and just open source it. Not a vac tunnel btw.
Largest cast titanium part in the world. No heat shielding needed.
There and back again
Haha
Thanks for coming by our car factory with . Tesla team was super fired up to see you! Congrats on your victory!!
Some
Absolutely!
Yes
Great song
Proof was good!
Haha exactly!
All that was left were broken bots ; equipment hardly worth the scrap metal value. But we scrounged up spare parts, fixed the trusty old bots ; brought the factory back to life.
Tesla is best understood as a collection of about a dozen startups, mostly in series, increasingly in parallel. Every product line ; new production system was invented. Instead of playing chess with the same pieces as everyone else, create new pieces.
Found a pic
Drag Race Times analysis is correct. Also, theres a software upgrade for Model S coming out that increases peak power by HP, so Model S should beat Porsche Taycan Turbo S by a wider margin in to ; /4 mile races.
Yeah, should be fully mobile later this year, so you can move it anywhere or use it on an RV or truck in motion. We need a few more satellite launches to achieve compete coverage ; some key software upgrades.
Puts our basic instincts on a roller coaster
cgi irl
Wore Marquis de Sade outfit for a party last night. Was v popular with women who'd read Shades
Will be presenting ; taking questions about The Boring Company plans for Los Angeles at pm on Thursday
Turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. Our turbopumps are vertical, have fan-looking things on pump side ; complex cross-flow. Liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
exactly
I am an engineer
Falcon fairing halves missed the net, but touched down softly in the water. Mr Steven is picking them up. Plan is to dry them out ; launch again. Nothing wrong with a little swim.
That is my favorite fictional spaceship. Powered by improbability!
Great work by SpaceX team ; very much appreciate faith in Starship by !
Thank you on behalf of SpaceX. Also, thank you to , without whom this would not be possible.
Tom has some great stories about experimenting with premixed O2/CH4 before SpaceX. That is not recommended haha.
Coming soon
Depends mostly on FAA certification, but hopefully within months. Were testing on Gulfstreams to debug issues, but deployment priority is commercial airliners.
Everything to the moon!
Exactly
Whether its stamp collectors in Andorra or petticoat aficionados in Lichtenstein, none can resist!
To be frank, in the early days, I thought there was &gt;90% chance that both SpaceX ; Tesla would be worth $0. The press ; aerospace / automotive industry at the time (correctly) agreed with me.
Max velocity: Mach Max altitude: km Highest so far, but velocity matters much more
Exactly. Trendline that includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features matches curve of Autopilot software/hardware releases, as youd expect.
Yeah, or free lifetime Supercharging, whichever you prefer
Ask me anything at pm Florida time (focused on tomorrow's am rocket launch)
SpaceX needs to demonstrate more progress with Starship, but that will hopefully happen rapidly
We sent the nicest person in the company to sit on his doorstep until he at least talked to us ; then he said yes
Yes, the order is still bad, but it is always important to read the source material
Boring Company guide to why tunnels are awesome ; safest place to be in an earthquake
Been driving latest Cybertruck prototype around Giga Texas. Its awesome!
Yes
But % of statistics are false
Dragon was designed to land using thrusters, with parachutes as backup. Switched to chutes as primary, due to difficulty of proving safety, but Dragon can still do it.
I hope someone has pics! My Mom came to visit one weekend ; was quite surprised by it all, but helped work coat check ; guarded the cash with a kitchen knife
Je maple syrup
We tried, but Singapore govt is not supportive of electric vehicles
Yeah
Congratulations!!
Hopefully fully operational in
Cumulative payload to orbit is the really crazy number. Falcon has delivered more than double rest of world combined over trailing months.
Sometimes, thats how I feel too!
Some Starlink terminals near conflict areas were being jammed for several hours at a time. Our latest software update bypasses the jamming. Am curious to see whats next!
Would love to do exactly that
Ship itself is fine. Some of the support equipment on the deck will need to be replaced...
This is complete nonsense
Doubling diameter increases mass X, but difficulty of simultaneously building ; launching rocket of that size is &gt;&gt;4X. In retrospect, &lt;9m diameter for Starship might have been wise. Current size is ~5200 ton stack mass ; ~7500 ton-F thrust, which is more than double Saturn V.
Tried to buy , but Russia said no. Turns out they already use it.
Maximize the freedom of action of the people
Agreed
Exactly
For cargo missions, propulsive land landing should be no problem. Doesnt have same safety criticality as crew.
Well said
Nuke Mars!
Yes. Probably more accurate to say Great Filters plural.
Busted
Super proud of SpaceX propulsion/test/materials team! One of hardest technology problems. New high temp superalloy ; internal foundry needed to make it work. Foundry iteration interval is ~3 weeks from design to flight part vs ~36 weeks typical for aerospace.
Am talking to in a few hours
Glad youre ok!
Yes, grid won't be needed for moderate use Superchargers in non-snowy regions
Missile Command ; Lunar Lander already working in dev build. We changed the control mapping for max fun on a touchscreen.
Chart understates lithium-ion potential by roughly /3
In appreciation, Tesla is providing all repair costs free of charge and expedited.
Well, almost anything
Bear in mind that the production ramp is an exponential curve. Late Oct is possible, but not certain. Literally every day makes a big difference.
This can be applied to any autonomous, electric vehicle, not just Tesla
It appears that what he is saying is untrue
Prob good though. Will give us time to replace st stage video transmitter (not needed for launch, but nice to have).
Orbital refilling is critical for high payload to moon or Mars. Initially just Starship to Starship, later dedicated tankers.
Yeah, will be Raptor vertical test stand. Hopefully allows simplification of Raptor design, as pump shaft wear ; drainage is better in vertical config. Also, more representive of flight. Test as you fly
A step facial treatment every morning. The mistake people make is stopping at .
Yes. This is an advantage of iron cathode lithium batteries.
Falcon flight launches tonight, carrying Hispasat for Spain. At metric tons and almost the size of a city bus, it will be the largest geostationary satellite weve ever flown.
This is a major problem!
Very sorry to hear that. Condolences to JB and his family.
Its one possibility
These problems are fundamentally intertwined. Building many rockets allows for successive approximation. Progress in any given technology is simply of iterations * progress between iterations.
True
Model S receives highest customer satisfaction score of any car ever surveyed by Consumer Reports
Earth should be called Water
% chance of anything close
The Standard Model is amazing for useful predictions. Truly amazing. Dark * seems sketch, but doesnt appear to matter to our immediate future.
SN ; at Starship Production Complex in Texas
So true
Aiming for km with lots of turns to better approximate a real-world tunnel
Maybe a musket with candy ammo?
Honored to work with amazing teams at SpaceX ; Tesla!
This launch mount is not easy to build
Just returned from Cave . Mini-sub is ready if needed. It is made of rocket parts ; named Wild Boar after kids soccer team. Leaving here in case it may be useful in the future. Thailand is so beautiful.
Seems so long ago
Nice
The lost art of entomological haberdashery ; millinery
Online doesnt count
Better just to ride your max temp all the way down ; let T^4 be your friend. Lower atmosphere cools you down real fast, so not crazy hot after landing.
Cybertruck pulls F-150 uphill
Great explanation of the announcement by
(Lack of) Joy Reid is a lobbyist for Sen Karen
Tesla will always refute articles that are misleading ; point out if there is someone with a pattern of doing so. Many fit this description, but Consumer Reports is always fair ; accurate in their criticism.
Dang, turns out even Hitler was shorting Tesla stock
Looking into it
Yup. With beta updates, therell be a lot of steps fwd, step back situations, but pace of improvement will be extremely fast.
Something fun is coming
Falcon standing on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
Coming soon
It will soon
Maybe on Starship? Its def got the payload capacity
It naturally follows that a hotter system will have more energetic events. For example, as a pot of water becomes colder, it becomes inert ice, but heating a pot of water turns it into a steam boiler.
Coming soon
Official Gigafactory address to be: Electric Avenue, McCarran, Nevada
Gravitas
Gavin is kinda badass in this vid
Retail investors like are remarkably insightful. Also, .
Told you AI was dangerous!!
Where are they?
GPT-3 sounds like Simon ; Garfunkel lyrics
Yes, in the air
Exactly
I love Canada! I'm half Canadian. My Mom was born in Regina. My grandfather (her Dad) was American, born in Minnesota.
Sorry! So many bots!!
This will happen
Turns out theres more ways to use Autopilot than we imagined
Tesla blows haha
Lets find out. It would be amazing to encounter an alien civilization, provided it is not their invasion fleet!
How many gene sequence changes to Covid-19 before it isnt Covid-19 anymore? OG Covid-19 ended a long time ago.
Droid Junkyard, Tatooine
Also, Tesla policy is that if you order a car without a test drive you get days to return for full refund vs day if you do get a test drive (resources are overbooked)
Launch aborted: slightly high combustion chamber pressure on engine . Will adjust limits for countdown in a few days.
In some of those, Im even funny
Im trying to set a good example! Population collapse is a much bigger problem than people realize and thats just for Earth. Mars has a great need for people, seeing as population is currently zero. Humans are the custodians of other life on Earth. Let us bring life to Mars!
Booster has pins for lifting ; catching, although maybe its better to modify grid fins to take more load. Something will need to flip out from leeward side of top of ship to do same there. Maybe its part of fwd flaps, but prob not. Diff solutions for diff load paths.
Absolutely
Rocket nosecone production in Texas
True. Me being one of them
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
I am openly moderate
Good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
In a few years
Two, independent system-on-chip architecture, with each SoC having two NN accelerators that can perform simultaneous health-check calculations to protect against a soft error
To be more inclusive, how about a "pick your tech level" setting. Could make the Tesla sound like horses (coconuts!), chariots, steam engines, gasoline cars, ...
My wiki is a war zone with a zillion edits. At least its obviously not curated! Some day, I should probably write what *my* fictionalized version of reality is
Dankonia
Was good maybe or years ago when you could wonder around ; find great unknown bands
Appreciated on behalf of Tesla team
Model arriving in UK
Rapidly Reusable Rockets, R R R
Its not really set up for tours, but maybe it should
He was truly exceptional
UK Model order page goes live next week, followed shortly thereafter by Japan, Australia, New Zealand ; Hong Kong
Something like that
This should be clear to anyone who has experienced the FSD beta evolution. Self-driving requires solving a major part of real-world AI, so its an insanely hard problem, but Tesla is getting it done. AI Day will be great.
Nice
When space travel becomes as common as air travel, the future of civilization will be assured
High entry force ; heat breached engine bay ; center engine TVC failed
That said, most Starship spaceports will probably need to be ~20 miles / km offshore for acceptable noise levels, especially for frequent daily flights, as would occur for point to point flights on Earth
Paperwork ; hundreds of approving authorities is by far the hardest part
Mars requires developing complex technology over a decade+, but market cares about next months. Result would be conflicting priorities.
Thats cool. One of my favorite lines! Monty Python is so brilliant.
Turn off recirc. Air exits thru rear vents. Snap in shade also avail from service, but I just tint the rear window.
Raptor turbines can spin up extremely fast. We take it easy on the test stand, but thats not indicative of capability.
Hoping to cover all of Eastern Europe this year
Lacks scale
The feeling is mutual. But I cant emphasize enough that we work with an amazing team. The credit is theirs.
Given Chiang Rai airport hours, soonest we couldve departed US was an hour ago, but cave now closed for diver rescue. Will continue testing in LA in case needed later or for somewhere else in future.
definitely aliens!
Will begin limited rollout to Canada this month. Safety is paramount, so we have to confirm no significant issues, given slightly different road rules.
Yes, v close! Nice work. Those are V0.9 legs, so major upgrades coming. Need wider span, longer stroke ; ability to auto-level for uneven ground or leaning into high winds.
th hottest song on Soundcloud!!
Im proud to say that that nose is pointier than it needs to be haha
North American Supercharger usage is now at pre-covid high, Europe about a week behind, China ; Asia-Pacific in general doing great
Tesla person electric ATV will come at first as an option for Cybertruck
Im pretty sure Ive paid the most taxes of any individual ever to California, but it isnt obvious what is done with the money
Important to bear in mind that production is as fast as the slowest part out of ~10,000 unique parts in a car
Sometimes people think it is performance, but safety is always the primary design requirement for a Tesla
Will be restored soon where there is a lead vehicle, ie you are being overtaken a lot due to true traffic speed being higher than the sign
Yup
Wow, thats really awesome. Thank you!
Car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. If nothing in calendar, should do work in morning ; home in evening. Future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
Hes just kidding, folks, but best to turn car off just in case. Also was years ago.
No, since Tesla will charge a % fee for being in our robotaxi fleet, but it will rise to whatever the clearing price is, otherwise all our cars will be bought by scalpers
Similar to SpaceX, the T is like a cross section of an electric motor, just as the X is like a rocket trajectory
Chris Paine AI movie premiering tonight
Id recommend regular solar panels for flat roofs
Will do!
NVIDIA is a great company, but we needed (essentially) a dedicated ASIC for vision-based driving, whereas their solution needs to serve many different customer needs.
Might be used around flap joints
Sure. Also, we need to be better at remembering brightness settings.
Everyone knows
We better hustle with Neuralink. Not moving fast enough.
Sending you healing vibes
House party for the autonomous anarcho-syndicalist commune!! Peasant Woman: Well, how'd you
Im getting a Shiba Inu
Haha
Its designed for people on a Mars journey
Haha
Tesla app almost done. Important to get every note right!
Splashdown successful!! Sending fast boat to Dragon lat/long provided by P3 tracking planes
Good summary
Working on regulatory approval for both Boca Chica, Texas, and Cape Kennedy, Florida. Will also be building Starship ; Super Heavy simultaneously in both locations.
We threw same steel ball at same window several times right before event ; didnt even scratch the glass!
Wrath of Khan, Kobayashi Maru
Nice
Thats significantly improved in current production
Model S at Nrburgring has seats
Jay is awesome!
Active safety will continue to improve via over-the-air software updates. Since all Tesla cars are connected, we analyze each accident ; do our best to minimize probability of recurrence.
This will sound implausible, but I think theres a path to build Starship / Super Heavy for less than Falcon
Orbital refilling is vital to humanitys future in space. More likely spacecraft to spacecraft (as aircraft do aerial refueling), than a dedicated depot, at least at first.
Nice
Tesla raises Model S resale value guarantee to highest in auto industry
Not often these days. Good way to spend time with kids though.
I hope we dont go bankrupt building them!
None of those criteria are certain by themselves, but when taken together ; messages have an obv agenda, it almost always indicates use of a network of self-validating troll accounts
Could be great!
True
Halo Infinite campaign is good
Ive been working in Boca since Sunday. August heat ; humidity in South Texas is intense! If you think of it like a tropical resort, that makes it better though.
Would be odd to expect anything else
Med medical equipment has priority
Boring Co tunnel in Vegas is only a few months from being operational
Carbon produced by a rocket flight is roughly equal to one flight. No, we should not be exempt.
But thats why we have SN ; SN10
Great wisdom
Canadian truckers rule
Norway is great on all levels. Love Norway!
Tesla is putting significant resources into high-efficiency battery recycling. Makes both environmental ; economic sense. Please consider joining if interested in recycling engineering!
One of the best Tesla Solar Roof installations
Mind-blowing that over % of humans have a smart phone
Please let us know what improvements we can make to any aspect of Tesla SolarGlass roof! Critical feedback is much appreciated.
We dont have that many Bitcoin, but its close
Nice
Dumb and Dumber is a great movie tho
Starship Mk ; Hopper
There is the internal goal if things go right, which needs to be aggressive. Obviously, some things will not go right internally ; there will be external issues too. That said, I think we can stack an orbital ship on an orbital booster in July.
Awesome. We really need to promote that fact in the US. A CO2 tax will not cause economy to grind to a halt!
Tesla owners can grant free Supercharging for life to a friend who buys S/3/X. Ends tomorrow night. "
Traffic is driving me nuts. Am going to build a tunnel boring machine and just start digging...
Our real challenge is Bay Area has negative unemployment, so if we dont treat and compensate our (awesome) people well, they have many other offers and will just leave! Id like hereby to invite UAW to hold a union vote at their convenience. Tesla will do nothing to stop them.
True, there are frequent complaint expansion packs
yes, but production AWD will be a lot faster
We need to finish work on Autopilot core foundation code ; D labelling, then functionality will happen quickly. Not long now.
Raptor reached bar today, exceeding prior record held by the awesome Russian RD-180. Great work by engine/test team!
Haha yes
Amazingly, this is not an Onion article
Exactly. In mid , Tesla received non-binding approval for loan program actually signed into law by Bush in late . First actual disbursement was Q2 , long after BK danger passed. Loan was repaid early with interest. Taxpayers made money on it!!
Congrats, was cool to send to space
Priority / early access will be automatic for all owners with FSD
When the zombie apocalypse happens, youll be glad you bought a flamethrower. Works against hordes of the undead or your money back!
Its true!
Well said, Lord Sumption, well said!
Great work by APJ : The foundation is nearly complete at the school
Summon is improving rapidly
Possible Starship flight tomorrow afternoon
Pretty much
Indeed. The economy making useful products ; providing great services is what actually matters.
Nice
Successful Starlink deploy
No, payload will actually increase
Yeah, pretty much dead center. We painted the target area with radio reflective paint, which helps the radar be more precise.
Thanks for the happy birthday wishes!
SN7 will be new alloy test tank taken to burst pressure. SN8 will have body flaps ; nosecone.
Tesla publishes accident statistics quarterly. They are so much better than other vehicles, it is ridiculous.
Mostly accurate, even though I didnt do an interview (or pose for cover)
And ship will be caught by Mechazilla too. As with booster, no landing legs. Those are only needed for moon ; Mars until there is local infrastructure.
Looks like it could do % more with some structural upgrades to handle higher loads. But that's in fully expendable mode.
This is a life leader launch, so more risk than normal
I cant comment on turbopump internal details, but youre roughly in the ballpark. Wow, rocket turbopumps, especially if oxygen-rich, are insanely hard! Arguably, the hardest mechanical/fluids/combustion problem known to exist.
At Falcon LZ-1 Vandenberg on Sunday night with the Base Commander. Support of much appreciated.
Cuphead
Maybe as a future optimization. Would only matter if it was extremely big.
Later this month. We need to merge a lot of updates into main code branch.
For humanity to have an exciting ; inspiring future, we cannot be confined to Earth forever.
Hoping to get Joe Mode into V10. The default, of course, is normal volume, but selecting Joe Mode would lower the volume of strident beeps ; chimes by half.
SpaceX Crew Dragon ship in anechoic chamber for EMI testing before being sent to Plum Brook vacuum chamber
Already have one
Ring of Fire
Yes, for now, but this should be addressed on all fronts: judicial, legislative and executive.
Reaction to Cyberpunk slipping release date to September
Will be at SXSW Sat/Sun with Jonah ; Lisa, who created Westworld. Jonah made an incredible short reel of Falcon Heavy ; Starman. Releases tmrw aft.
Great to meet Jon Stewart this eve. Have been a fan of for a billion years.
Definitely!
For sure on first crewed missions for exactly that reason
Orbital refilling is vital to humanitys future in space. More likely spacecraft to spacecraft (as aircraft do aerial refueling), than a dedicated depot, at least at first.
No
Looking back at the sun from upper stage ; Falcon landed on drone ship Of Course I Still Love You
Track mode V2 is pretty cool. Maybe too complicated to use though? Lmk thoughts for improvement.
Cuphead for Tesla coming out in August
New top speed of km/h!!
Im so dying to do a supersonic, electric VOTL jet, but adding more work will make my
Yes
Also, firmware fix for upgraded brake performance on standard Model started rolling out yesterday. Should improve braking distance by ~20 ft for repeated heavy braking events. Thanks for excellent critical feedback!
Soon
Above % likely to make it
Maxwell was amazing. Should have more recognition. Tesla Motors, Inc., was almost called Faraday, as it took until late /2005 to buy the trademark from a guy who had had it since .
Will do. Definitely moving heavily towards direct to work/home delivery of cars!
The heat pump and rear body castings are a step beyond
This includes original engineering of new factory processes ; cars. Great engineers will only join if original engineering is supported, not just localization.
Just had Texas BBQ for lunch in Capitol Building. About to head to House Committee hearing to advocate for Tesla in TX.
True
True
SolarCity launches Give Power Foundation
Announcements coming soon
Phew . Yeah, we had a drain block months ago ; people are working hard to make Tesla successful. Am honored to work with them. Are you trolling for fun or is it part of a job? What motivates you?
Yup or Douglas Aircraft, creator of the awesome DC-3
Founding story of Tesla as portrayed by Eberhard is patently false. I wish I had never met him. Eberhard is by far the worst person Ive ever worked with in my entire career. Given how many people Ive worked with over the years, thats really saying something
Same rocket flight, but this time with cows!
Seriously, the NPC dialog tree should have more options
Actually true!
Glad youre ok!
bar absolute, which is fine for flight. This was a proof test, rather than a burst test. Well hopefully fix the leak today ; retest.
This is great advice
Thanks to everyone who worked so hard to make Tesla successful. My heart goes out to you.
Ok
Super strong roof that generates clean energy, looks great ; costs less than a normal roof plus solar panels!
Lot of plumbing!
Roadster, S and X customers are the ones who got us here and are paying for . They deserve a lot of credit.
You know destination weather before departure ; theres no weather in space
Such miracles are beyond us
But lower power density than a human
So much drama ; good times too! Maybe worth a book one day, but would come at expense of ; ; .
Not yet
Yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people ; fewer young
First in line for dual motor as soon as we can make it, which is probably in to months.
Yes
So informative
I dont want be cavalier, but there isnt an obvious limit. + flights are possible. Some parts will need to be replaced or upgraded. Cleaning all Merlin turbines is difficult. Raptor is way easier in this regard, despite being a far more complex engine.
Tuesday
Probably wise
We can do that partially, but detailed rocket technology is considered advanced weaponry (same tech as nuclear missiles), so there are more limitations than at Tesla
Solar area will need to be higher with obscuration, but works better than one might think
Will be hanging with my little chum, Gary, on Sunday
Trolls/bots just need to be deemphasized relative to probable real people who arent being paid to push an agenda or scam. Google still shows bs/scam pages, theyre just several clicks away.
V8.0 starts downloading tonight. Release will be gradual to make sure there aren't small regressions. Many car configs, many environments.
Nice
Only cars made in China are eligible for these subsidies. Tesla has never had access to them.
How does this compare to favipiravir?
Yeah, will be Raptor vertical test stand. Hopefully allows simplification of Raptor design, as pump shaft wear ; drainage is better in vertical config. Also, more representive of flight. Test as you fly
Should clarify that this is the base model performance. There will be a special option package that takes it to the next level.
Best music video art Ive seen in a while
Will still use hot gas maneuvering (RCS) thrusters, as ~5X more efficient than nitrogen (300 sec vs sec Isp)
Six. Two windward, one under each fin ; two leeward. Provides redundancy for landing on unimproved surfaces.
That, speed of light constraint and quantum mechanics
Tesla ; Ford are the only American carmakers not to have gone bankrupt out of s of car startups. Prototypes are easy, production is hard ; being cash flow positive is excruciating.
Aiming for Falcon rocket static fire at Cape Canaveral on the th and launch about three days later
Even Toyota, who made the Prius. That is sad.
Its next-level for sure. Reality is getting weird fast.
What are some of the most fun games we could have on a Tesla? Classic Atari is just the start.
Cont of main
Im told its looking positive ; we will be allowed to continue servicing our cars in Texas
Looks good
Cryptocurrency is my safe word
It is time to create a mecha
Yes
Hey QT314
Great render! The circumferential welds ; skin panels will be much smoother in future builds.
currently stops at % state of charge. This number will be configurable.
Achieving truly decentralized finance power to the people is a noble ; important goal. Layer count depends on projected bandwidth ; compute, both rising rapidly, which means single layer network can carry all human transactions in future imo. For now, Lightning is needed.
Not yet
Games only render what you look at when you look at it, as the compute load would otherwise be impossibly high. Until observed, objects are a probability function, aka quantum mechanics.
Falcon Heavy engine plumes look like giant laser beams in this photo by rocketphotography
If Tesla can help people in California wildfire, please let us know. Model S ; X have hospital grade HEPA filters. Maybe helpful for transporting people.
First profitable Q for Tesla thanks to awesome customers ; hard work by a super dedicated team
[ahem]
What if there was an AI programmed to want to pick as many strawberries as possible, and so it cultivated nothing but strawberries on all of Earths land? Then it would be Strawberry Fields Forever!
Reverse back down (using same roller guide wheels, so no skill required) ; tow or flatbed it out
Dont want to blow your mind, but Im pretty weird. Its time the world knew.
I think were maybe a month or two away from wide beta. But these things are hard to predict accurately. The work we had to do for pure vision driving was needed for FSD, so much more progress has been made than it would seem.
Details coming at Starship update
Yup
Call it ~800mph
Absolutely
If launch aborts, we will bring the rocket down for engine inspection, so probably a few days before next attempt
yes, it actually performed better than other colors on stain tests. Best not to have vented seats w kids though.
Starship is in a different league. Orders of magnitude more mass to orbit than Falcon. Necessary for creating a self-sustaining city on Mars.
But cool pics of the demo Starship that will fly suborbital hops coming in ~4 weeks
The Illuminaughty
Ok
It is high time that humanity went beyond Earth. Should have a moon base by now and sent astronauts to Mars. The future needs to inspire.
For sure
Visual approximation
Rosetta by Vangelis is incredible
Looming disaster for sure
A year old who has better reasoning ; more heart than the vast majority of political leaders
years ago, when % of scientists said smoking caused cancer, tobacco industry response was still "scientists disagree"
Couldn't agree more
Riding in the Cybertruck
Thanks Bill! Sure is a great start to
Anxiety is a scalar, fear is a vector
No, but I will
Great work by SpaceX Dragon team ; Airborne! To be clear, weve only done multi-parachute test of Mk3 design, so more left to reach successful tests in a row.
Yup
Exactly
Italy: On re-evaluation by the National Institute of Health, only per cent of death certificates have shown a direct causality from coronavirus.
Me too
Brakes
No new domestic corona cases in China
Seems odd that the UN still hasnt released world death rates
About to go live
Also $2500 tax credit for California ; $500 to $800 utility incentive
Am tracking this down ... Super important to be fair. There are zero discounts even for family and friends.
Ok, we will
Exactly. There is no MSRP, only P.
Cartesian Duelists
Of course
Common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel ; oxidizer
Hoping to cover all of Eastern Europe this year
Were almost done with first prototype booster. This will go to test stand A. Next one will fly to orbit. Team has been crushing it many days ; nights in a row!
Warning, this presentation is hrs ; mins long
Very soon for higher latitudes like Seattle
That was a real sign
Working on Starship
Ahem well um
Performance Model review by
Starship launch ; catch tower
It is quite silly
Franz was essential
A long way to go before most power generation is solar, but the second derivative bodes well
That article was incredibly misleading and you should know it. Wager right now that Sun has received far more than Tesla?
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
More propaganda. The NDA only prevents disclosure of Tesla proprietary IP or material non-public information (insider trading).
Thats not to say that Tesla people somewhere in the world are being overzealous ; possibly overstepping our core principles, which is why Im looking into it
It is flat-packed. No dispenser.
For what its worth, the SpaceX schedule, which Ive just reviewed in depth, shows Falcon ; Dragon at the Cape ; all testing done in ~10 weeks
No major precipitating event, but people in general were going a bit too fast on winding roads
Was listening to Jon Hopkins Singularity with c, but posted this instead
Higher structural margins overall are needed for reuse, plus: Booster - Grid fins for aero control - Boostback ; landing propellant tanks - Protecting engines from entry loads Ship - Body flaps for aero control - Deorbit ; landing propellant tanks - Heat shield
We will probably offer that as an option
The NY auto dealers lost in court, so now they are funding a bill in NY legislature to block Tesla
And thats just the tip of the iceberg
Cybertruck prototype in New York this weekend
About a dozen transfer windows, so ~25 years
Munro understands
Deleted my Tesla titles last week to see what would happen. Im now the Nothing of Tesla. Seems fine so far.
Should be much better at this point
What a cute ; happy dog!
Quite the day ahead
How about now?
Youre welcome! If any of this is based on Hertz, Id like to emphasize that no contract has been signed yet. Tesla has far more demand than production, therefore we will only sell cars to Hertz for the same margin as to consumers. Hertz deal has zero effect on our economics.
Beta should be ready in about a week. Beta with single city/highway software stack ; many other architectural upgrades probably next month.
So far, so good
No straight path for hot gas to accelerate through the gaps
Yes, V10 will include several games ; infotainment features, improved highway Autopilot, better traffic light ; stop sign recognition ; Smart Summon
And yet people ask what could possibly go wrong with AI
Tesla should have a mega rave cave under the Berlin Gigafatory
This guy is not a cofounder of Neuralink. Was at company briefly, but he didnt work out.
The President of Serbia came by our booth at the Geneva Motor Show and talked about Nikola Tesla
Maybe theyre among us. Just saying maybe
Everyone who bought Enhanced Autopilot will get Navigate on Autopilot on highways, advanced summon ; autopark
This argument is a bit silly. A city will not grow to infinite size just because there isn't traffic.
Check out our new crane
There is such a thing as too much sentience
Time to face reality
Dragon spaceship and Falcon rocket just completed final assembly at Cape Canaveral
Very soon, sorry for the delay
Sure, will call tomorrow
Also lasts much longer than normal roofs ; is able to withstand hail ; other medium-sized impacts
Wont be long before they do
Not perfect ; cd be better, but th out of + countries with only a diff to "1st" place means it's essentially on par
It was difficult
Good summary of rocket landing history. There were two successful water landings much earlier, but they didn't survive long.
Common shaft only works if optimal rpm is similar for fuel ; oxidizer
Thankfully not. FSW is very difficult to get right ; not needed with steel.
I liked your movie Hollywood Dirt!
Maybe Optimus will have a cat girl version
Tesla Solarglass roof
Put water repellant coating on radar, dark rectangle just below nose. Anything hydrophobic from hardware store or Tesla service can do it.
Its a generational thing
Assuming max acceleration of to g's, but in a comfortable direction. Will feel like a mild to moderate amusement park ride on ascent and then smooth, peaceful ; silent in zero gravity for most of the trip until landing.
To clarify, Ive not been involved closely with OpenAI for over a year ; dont have mgmt or board oversight
Good Hyperloop feedback from Ansys. Am excited by how much it can be improved by open src contributions!
Saying you like moats is just a nice way of saying you like oligopolies
Actual tanks are fine
But, if youre going to buy a merkin, be sure to haggle properly!
An evolutionary asymmetry helpful to survival, but counterproductive when survival is not at stake
For a second there, I thought that was a pic of Thanos haha
Congratulations, beautiful flight!
Yeah, and whole lot more! Aargh, Im dying to make Cybertruck like yesterday!!
Nice
Its actually pretty fun building electric cars. Product is useful to other people ; good for environment. I think thats fundamental goodness.
From almost anywhere
Yes
Probably to weeks
Got called randomly by Kanye West today and received a download of his thoughts, ranging from shoes to Moses. He was polite, but opaque.
Plausible
Yeah, they were a little off the mark
Theyve been writing bogus articles about Tesla (and me) for years. In the end, it is their own credibility that suffers.
If schedule holds there will be two Falcon launches within hours (Cape ; Vandenberg) this weekend
Certianly glad Im not one them. Phew!
Stop sending me this tron - Audi
Boring Not Boring
If we make all cars with FSD package self-driving, as planned, any such Tesla should be worth $100k to $200k, as utility increases from ~12 hours/week to ~60 hours/week
Yup, nd UAW president in a row. Unlikely to be the last.
Lex asks great questions
Try playing Powerglide in your Tesla at volume
Tesla AI/Autopilot engineering is awesome! Making excellent progress solving real-world AI.
Absolutely
dner kebab
In close traffic, poisonous gas spewing from the car in front of you goes straight into your AC intake. Good thing gas/diesel carmakers didnt cheat on their emissions or wed be in real trouble
You betcha
Count me in for $50M
Please note that the price of the Tesla Full Self-Driving option will increase substantially over time
With the new lower Tesla pricing, its like having a money printer on your roof if you live a state with high electricity costs. Still better to buy, but the rental option makes the economics obvious.
Maybe, will look into it. Wed need to emulate a TV.
If any formula instantiates reality, its probably that
Memes are powerful
Tank didnt burst, but leaked at bar. This is a good result ; supports idea of L stainless being better than . Were developing our own alloy to take this even further. Leak before burst is highly desirable.
Coming soon. Lot of cool stuff.
Sign of a good design is that it feels and is much bigger on inside than looks on outside
Sorry, meant to say LOX header tank in tip of nose. CH4 main tank is above LOX main.
Am pushing launch back approx a week to do more testing on Dragon docking code. New date pending coordination with .
Diver weight belts wrapped around outside. Mini-sub only weighs ~40kg dry, so easy to carry on long dry sections of cave, then add weight belts for wet sections.
Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea
Skipping rail saves over a month for East Coast deliveries. All things considered, its better to use trucks. Single load/unload ; direct to owner location.
Any sufficiently advanced magic is indistinguishable from technology
The Raptors were well below max thrust or the ship would have blown through the altitude limit. As we hit min throttle point, an engine would shut off.
Just stayed at the Rocket (yes!) Motel near Mt Rushmore. Sudden blizzard making road trip tricky
Recovery ship just heard the sonic booms from Dragon reentry and has data transmission lock.
Seriously. How long must this go on?
Tesla is as much a software company as it is a hardware company, both in car and in factory. This is not widely understood.
Exactly! Well said.
Feels like the plot of Deus Ex
Aspirationally for everyone
Africa is big
It does get a bit cold at night
Testing for more hours in LA, then its on a plane to Thailand
T is the new D
. posted on social media that she was partying in Vegas with Chanos ; Tepper with caption Love both these dudes. Doesnt sound very objective
Just fired our Superdraco escape rocket engine at full thrust! Needed to carry astronauts on Dragon
Your comment above: Who in their right mind would buy an ICE after knowing its residual value will be zilch? Legacy auto: go EV or go BUST! is super important for car buyers. Residual values for gas/diesel cars will plummet in coming years.
Sounds great
Were doing an EIR for the greater LA tunnel network. Thought we might need a N-S test tunnel (hence Sepulveda proposal), but were just going to do rock core samples along that corridor instead.
coming soon
Try the new Tesla DJ station on streaming radio
Outer engines are attached to the edge of the airframe to give the center engines room to move
Haha
Good point
um, thanks, I like your work too
Maybe drive an upright Falcon past the White House flying a giant Stars ; Stripes with a marching band playing I can see clearly now?
RIP
Coming soon ...
Big challenge for Starship refueling on the moon is finding sources of carbon. Probably some pretty big deposits in craters from meteorites. Same goes for hydrogen ; oxygen, also in (shadowed) craters.
Great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
It was fixed this weekend, so he should try the test again.
Pretty much, although we also sent some Medtronic units, which are meant for extreme situations. Those require a lot of work to set up ; operate. Should be used sparingly. SpaceX is making the valve at the heart of that system.
bar. Kind of a softball tbh, but thats enough to fly!
Theyre moving at ~25 times the speed of sound, but it feels like nothing
All cars made since Oct either have the hardware needed for FSD or are trivially upgradeable
Have you hugged a tunnel today?
Wacktivism!
More like he gave it his blessing. It was sort of a groundswell of those who believed in the scientific method in London.
There would be time-stamped video if this were true
German car manufacturers will rebound strongly. They possess great talent, which will not sit idle.
Even Toyota, who made the Prius. That is sad.
Unexpected pressure rise in the turbomachinery gas generator
Signing off now. That was more than enough Twitter trouble for one morning!
Sheep replicants
Will follow up by tomorrow
Be careful what you wish for
Not good. Sounds like some rd party installers are taking advantage of Powerwall demand &gt;&gt; supply. Taking action
Important point highlighted by : an electric car in California produces only /4 CO2 of gasoline
Haha
All Tesla cars built since Oct last year will be capable of self-driving as software improves
Sigh
Does it like the smiths?
High altitude wind shear data shows a probable % load exceedance. Small, but better to be paranoid. Postponing launch to tomorrow, assuming winds are better then.
Funding research on artificial intelligence safety. It's all fun ; games until someone loses an I
Sensors are for the weak. Just go open loop.
Excellent review by Marques!
It would need to refill to return, but it could get to Jupiter with low payload
It will happen for sure. Damn.
Same
Totally agree. Tesla will circle back and do something cool for Roadsters next year.
Free viewing ends in about hours
Come for the comments, stay for the memes
This is not about winning anyone over. We are production-limited. The reason we are making our own cells is to *supplement* max production of suppliers. Even moving at full speed, they cannot build enough cells.
Youre right
Rococo Basilisk
Congrats Cathie!
Yes, the droids can now hold down the center core
Battery pack swap works with all Tesla Model S cars, past and present. It was always there.
We will probably IPO Starlink, but only several years in the future when revenue growth is smooth ; predictable. Public market does *not* like erratic cash flow haha. Im a huge fan of small retail investors. Will make sure they get top priority. You can hold me to it.
Yes, converts CO2 ; H2O to CH4 ; O2. Perfect for Mars!
Yeah, sorry I missed that. This would only work for kWh packs that are software created to , so not .
Tesla Semi delivering Tesla cars
Sure
French fries are the devil
We have to solve a huge part of AI just to make cars drive themselves. In retrospect, it was inevitable. The road system is designed for cameras (eyes) ; neural nets (brains).
Our real challenge is Bay Area has negative unemployment, so if we dont treat and compensate our (awesome) people well, they have many other offers and will just leave! Id like hereby to invite UAW to hold a union vote at their convenience. Tesla will do nothing to stop them.
If Tesla ; SpaceX go bankrupt, so will I. As it should be.
Pretty much, although massive currency issuance by govt central banks is making Bitcoin Internet money look solid by comparison
Thus *reducing* existing road traffic
We're aiming for late , but NASA needs to have overlapping capability to be safe. Would do the same
def on the cards for the future
This is mainly for staffing up production shifts for /7 operations, but engineers, supervisors ; support personnel are certainly needed too. A super hardcore work ethic, talent for building things, common sense ; trustworthiness are required, the rest we can train.
Extending life to Mars would ensure humanity's survival and be the greatest, most exciting adventure ever!
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated.
Yeah, I lift a little
stock art
Love and Rockets
Woke Frisbee
Self-driving cars ; useful humanoid robots require a sophisticated understanding of reality. I am increasingly convinced that they are on the path to solving AGI. Should AGI be solved? I dont know, but humanity is moving rapidly in this direction whether I like it or not.
And those who werent expecting a ternary joke
Dunno where this bs is coming from. Who knows about the future, but last week we had over S/X and Model *new* net orders.
Sweden at zero deaths Oct
ujelly?
Suppliers. Were only doing high energy nickel ourselves, at least for now. Also, maybe the presentation wasnt clear that weve actually had our cells in packs driving cars for several months. Prototypes are trivial, volume production is hard.
That would be like licensing Battlestar Galactica. Actually building continuously evolving gargantuan factories is the hard part. Lots of people who worked at Tesla Gigafactories now work at competitors, but none of those companies have made one.
Autopilot release to Europe and Asia pending regulatory approval. Hopefully get the ok in the next few weeks.
SN40 is about to be tested ; has several upgrades over bar engine. For reference, bar on Raptor produces ~225 tons (half a million pounds) of force.
An AI with picking as its goal will result in Strawberry Fields Forever
Yes
Indeed, US taxpayers actually profited from the Tesla loan
Abort was caused by oxygen in ground side TEA-TEB. Upper stage on separate internal circuit, so doesn't face same risk.
Troll dead giveaways: not using real names, obv fake pics ; backgrounds, low follower/follow ratio, account recently created, repeating same phrases, etc (sigh)
Yup
I think so
Nice
Cost of Tesla full self-driving option increasing by ~$1000 on August
Playable on any Tesla!
If tiles are not super thin, you get hot plasma waterfalling off edges of tiles, creating hotspots. That said, Im not entirely convinced that this couldnt be done with several overlapping scales of metal sheet with an insulator between scale armor ; primary structure.
You cherry-picked one state out of fifty, which saw a minor uptick. Show the whole country.
Indeed
We must pass The Great Filter
Tesla Impact Report (repost). We do everything humanly possible to source materials ; produce sustainable energy cars, batteries ; solar ethically. Suggestions for improvement are always appreciated.
Hopefully
Thanks for letting me know. Will dig into it.
Pretty much
Good analysis. You can order commercial solar in literally secs if you use Apple Pay at .
I heard Lars von Trier optioned the movie rights
Those who predicted Tesla ; EVs would be dead ; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for -12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers + years late. Why the double standard?
Btw, just want to express a word of appreciation for the hard work of the Tesla Gigafactory team. Reason I camped on the roof was because it was less time than driving to a hotel room in Reno. Production hell, ~8th circle
Recording of Dragon V2 unveil at
I couldnt do WoW. Awesome, but too much time required.
Reality is a Tesla, like most electric cars, is over % *less* likely to catch fire than combustion engine cars, which carry massive amounts of highly flammable fuel. Why is this never mentioned?
Not to mention Medtronic, who makes the most advanced ventilators in the world, also affirming our help!
Texas and Florida Starship prototypes (not Hopper) fly in to months
Youre most welcome. Very proud of Tesla team. Super tough years!
yes, security is extremely important
Best to study some form of engineering, which is the art of creating useful things that didn't exist before.
Mach Diamonds
Buying a car in that cant upgrade to full self-driving is like buying a horse instead of a car in
Lease a Tesla online in a few mins ; have it delivered to your house (return within days for full refund)
Nosecone closing is recommended, but not required, for safe entry
Yes
Love this picture of the Curiousity rover on Mars. Landscape looks just like the California desert.
Real time
Upgrades in the works to allow landing for geo missions: thrust +15%, deep cryo oxygen, upper stage tank vol +10%
Contracting official's new job raises questions
Same, except where limited by EU regulations. Were aware of extreme consumer unhappiness about this ; are working with EU regulators to address.
Ad taken out in Palo Alto Daily by two Model S owners is right. Many of the suggestions will be implemented soon.
Making life multiplanetary is an extremely hard, but not impossible, problem
What is simple in one arena is often profound in another
Coming
Worth noting that thrust is only slightly higher with the big bell nozzle version. Larger bell is primarily for efficiency in vacuum. Aiming for + sec Isp for RVac long-term. Initially likely to be ~372.
Releasing soon on Emo G Records!
Unless you like fun
Yes
Nope haha
Sure
Those who predicted Tesla ; EVs would be dead ; autonomy would never happen are same people attacking Tesla today for -12 month delays, while ignoring major automakers + years late. Why the double standard?
Not needed
Cute
Common myth, but incorrect
I guess more people need to get more involved in the party primaries (which is a chore)
Pretty much
Who is running this lame collection of bots ; trolls anyway? Try harder! Im an engineer, knucklehead. Just do business on the side.
Sunset
Faraday invented the electric motor, Tesla the (commutator-free, three-phase) AC induction motor, in other words, a useful electric motor
Youre welcome. Thanks for buying a Tesla!
nice pic!
What could possibly go wrong?
Should be low on our list of concerns for civilizational existential risk. NK has no entangling alliances that wd polarize world into war.
Was also thinking that SpaceX Boca should hold fun parties and give tours for the community from time to time
Spacebow
Commentary is quite entertaining! MST3K
Has anyone seen web3? I cant find it.
We are choked with news and starved of history Durant
The Economist used to be boring, but smart with a wicked dry wit. Now its just boring (sigh). Tesla will be profitable ; cash flow+ in Q3 ; Q4, so obv no need to raise money.
Tesla Supercharger usage by region
But it is visually stunning ; playability is good
Thanks! Have heard universally great things about your podcasts.
There is considerable confusion between wealth as consumption ; wealth as labor allocation. By latter measure, anyone in govt whose budget exceeds $1B is a billionaire. Government is the largest corporation.
The Story of Civilization. First book is a little dry, but second book, The Life of Greece, is incredible.
Almost ready with FSD Beta V9.0. Step change improvement is massive, especially for weird corner cases ; bad weather. Pure vision, no radar.
SpaceX thruster package will be subtle. Hidden behind license plate.
True
MB was given weeks of salary ; stock in appreciation for her great contribution ; left to join a small firm, once again as a generalist
Boring breakthrough
Hashtags are an abomination
. would you like join me for a conversation on Clubhouse?
French fries are the devil
Also big thanks to the Air Force, FAA and all of our partners for their support of this mission.
Worth noting that, as of Jan , Tesla buyers no longer received any federal tax credit. Model led despite this disadvantage.
Good article
There are many small joys as you explore the car ; more to come via software updates
Might work in Canada too
Sounds like we need to clear up a few things! Tesla wont use this much net water on a daily basis. Its possibly a rare peak usage case, but not an everyday event. Also, this is not a natural forest it was planted for use as cardboard ; only a small part will be used for GF4.
Locating ground stations at data centers will significantly improve latency ; jitter. Data can go from user terminal to server without touching the Internet.
Turn on enhanced security via the settings page. This will require entering a passcode to use the car.
Good ones
I was first misdiagnosed at Stanford Hospital with viral meningitis, then again misdiagnosed at Sequoia. A visiting doc from San Jose General saw my charts ; sent me to ICU immediately. I was ~36 hours from being unrecoverable. So, I take expert advice with a grain of salt
Good idea
If it possible to start an EV company without shipping any cars ; get a valuation less than a billion dollars!?
Another reason reported mortality rate is overstated is that dying *with* covid is not same as dying *from* covid. Media keeps reporting former, not latter.
The Biggest Bang Theory
You will be in the future
And really knows cars!
Bizarre anti-environment move by govt of California
Nice compression
Thats them! Schrdinger is neither here nor there.
Solar panels + battery pack better than generator, as no heat signature or smoke ; doesnt run out of fuel
Racing at mph in a tunnel under LA
Approach is deg flush mounted tiny cameras + radar (prob not lidar). Lot of software ; hardware level image processing.
Haha true
How is it considered probable if theres no covid test? Is just a cough or high temperature enough?
Thanks
Coming soon
Yes
I love a great whine
It will be there
Haha
Scientists uncover Sneaky move by GM
Thanks! Hearing from constituents is super important to counteract the influence of the dealer lobby.
Sure hope that happens
This is in addition to existing Cabin Overheat Protection, which come on automatically at high temps to ensure any babies or pets in the car are safe
Congratulations to WARR team from Tech Univ Munich for winning nd competition! Peak speed of km/h, which is over mph!!
If you dislike change, you're going to dislike irrelevance even more. Gen Shinseki
Latest rocket test flight: hard lateral deviation, stabilize ; hover, rapid descent back to pad
What is my purpose? Sentient seats.
Wow, years ago!
It is
More ground stations ; less foolish packet routing will make the biggest differences. Looking at speed of light as ~300km per millisecond ; satellite altitude of ~550km, average photon round-trip time is only ~10ms, so a lot of silly things have to happen to drive ping &gt;20ms.
Ancient times
Much appreciated, Mayor Fine!
Would like to thank and Jensen for donating the first DGX-1 AI supercomputer to in support of democratizing AI technology
Glass corset hand-painted in perspective in color of bone. Every detail tells a story. Spiked choker machined from a single piece of forged metal. Crown of Vantablack.
Its still there, but focus is Vegas ; Prufrock, our new tunneling machine
We called manual abort. Better to be paranoid and wrong. Bringing rocket down to borescope engines ...
Starship Tooters
Real pic of ships next to Starbase Tiki Bar on right
Tesla doing laps at Nerdburgering
Innovation comes in many ways
I hope so. Wings dont work on the moon at all and def not well on Mars. Also, no runways.
certainly moderate and maybe big advances w no incremental hardware
End of Q4, most likely
On a wall in Austin
Exactly. A Tesla is objectively much safer in a crash than all other cars, according to NHTSAs *own* calculations. This is just physics!
Turns out if you take Dayquil, you exit The Matrix
Hopefully, next year
Pace of innovation is all that matters in the long run
That *might* not be my lucky number
Nothing stopping Tesla team at our car plant from voting union. Could do so tmrw if they wanted. But why pay union dues ; give up stock options for nothing? Our safety record is X better than when plant was UAW ; everybody already gets healthcare.
Cybertruck doesnt look like anything Ive seen bouncing around the Internet. Its closer to an armored personnel carrier from the future.
I know that closet is nice and warm, but it's time you admitted you are one of the creators of the next one. Everyone already knows and we will still love you just as much (almost).
I suspect that article was written before the drive even took place
Fire and Ice
Per the letter, Tesla paid $55/hr for *additional* services, so no.
High pucker-factor landing
Probably around or pm
Week or two
Sped up version of today's rocket landing on the Droneship Just Read the Instructions (guess it
We will add a feature to allow request of latest software version
Hopefully first try with booster
aspirationally
Bottom half of Starship at night. Top half with forward fins ; header tanks probably stacks on Wednesday. Three Raptors already installed.
Youre right. Earlier Model Performance buyers got free lifetime Supercharging. Will add that to anyone who bought recently.
Would be great to have ; !
Vaccines are just the start. Its also capable in theory of curing almost anything. Turns medicine into a software ; simulation problem.
Strange to think that our civilization is only ~5000 years old, if dated from earliest writing. Less than the lifespan of a fruit fly, compared to age of Earth.
Id love to
During the darkest days of the Model program, I reached out to Tim Cook to discuss the possibility of Apple acquiring Tesla (for /10 of our current value). He refused to take the meeting.
Bossart was boss art!
Yeah, he sent it to me through a mutual physics prof friend at Caltech/CERN. Very basic stuff.
Remember the future
Good points. Already mostly working in the developer software Im driving.
handles/hitch points on front ; on rear. air tank connections on front ; on rear, allowing to tanks simultaneously connected, all recessed for impact protection w secondary cap seal if leak develops.
In other words, you may be able to get a Tesla before the $7500 US tax credit drops in weeks, even if you havent placed an order yet
Absolutely agree. Major expansion of service centers underway.
HW2 Autopilot release should go wide next weekend with additional smoothness improvements to longitudinal control
Slight tweak to the glass needed ; then it should be good to go
Dont Doubt ur Vibe now on Spotify
Also true. Haha you rock!
Thanks for everything you did to help build SpaceX! Some of the best memories ever.
Non-autopilot will have a new interface too. More comprehensive UI update coming with .
Don't actually mean to knock Honda -- their cars are solid -- but the park outside (or yr house might burn down) advice was awesome
Maximizing conversion of mass to aimed photons (pure momentum) is actually the highest possible efficiency, which is why an antimatter drive is probably the best way to get to other star systems with known physics. For close stars, a laser sail is good too.
Yes
Near-orbital space is the fastest way to travel long distance on Earth!
Falcon Heavy launching from same pad as the Saturn V Apollo moon rocket. It was % higher thrust with five F-1 engines at M lb-F. I love that rocket so much.
Your DLC is $$$$
Falcon Heavy on LC-39A
No, were already recycling them
Sonic, the Hedgehog, game coming to all Teslas!
Same
Model S options are out! Performance in red and black for me. I will deliver my car in June/July.
Boring Co urban loop system would have s of small stations the size of a single parking space that take you very close to your destination ; blend seamlessly into the fabric of a city, rather than a small number of big stations like a subway
Yup. Banks are basically balkanized, heterogeneous databases with high latency ; weak security, especially ACH transfers ; credit cards.
Finnish Metal Rocks
Orbit is hard. Best wishes for landing ; swift recovery to next mission.
Creating an autopilot for cars at Tesla is an important, but not yet top priority. Still a few years from production.
Exactly! Especially let your PUC commissioners/authorities know.
Take note
It seems to be working
There sure are a lot of interesting ways to arrange pixels
So it was good for you too ...
LA has a subway, but most people dont know about it
We need more women in aerospace like Gwynne!
Testing for covid is a license to print money
Union flyers are handed out all the time in the factory. I know because people in the factory laugh at the ridiculous propaganda ; hand them to me. This one guys claim about being stopped once in a parking lot is false and irrelevant.
Thanks, Tesla team is the strongest its ever been ; doing an amazing job! Honored to work beside them.
Then youll be fine
Haha awesome
Were working on it. Takes time to get all regulatory approvals. Almost there for the larger US states. At least to months for Europe/UK.
Ok
Getting there was super hard. Very proud of Tesla team!
You can easily turn it off in the car via settings, but that would beg the question of why you turned it off
Next baby will be a girl
Astronauts to orbit next week!
We really need a bigger one, so adults can squeeze in too. Guaranteed to make a party more fun. Works well with flamethrowers!
As soon as we get country approval. This is required for each country individually, as no EU-wide approval system exists. Probably start receiving final (there are many steps) approvals around Feb/March.
If we are able to make life self-sustaining on Mars, we will have passed one of the greatest filters. That then sets us up to become interstellar. Earth is ~4.5B years old, but life is still not multiplanetary and it is extremely uncertain how much time is left to become so.
Also available off menu for a week. Was causing too much confusion.
This is false. I landed in Montreal at age with $2000, a backpack of clothes ; suitcase of books. My father is bankrupt ; has been for a long time. I inherited literally nothing from him.
The Machine Stops
Might get pushed to next month. Starhopper flight first. Waiting on engine repair.
Converts about million tons of mass to energy every second
Falcon Heavy goes vertical
Dojo V1.0 isnt done yet. About a year away. Not just about the chips. Power ; cooling problem is hard.
Am not attacking all media or even all of . Just asked if you inform public about an analysts prediction track record about a subject when putting them on your show.
Cramer is a simulation. Hes not real.
This is technically a Speedraptor
Ice
Figuratively ; literally
I have never donated to a SuperPAC
I pretty much agree with Vitalik
Tower with Knight is across road from SpaceX, looking at rocket
Were rapidly changing alloy constituents ; forming methods, so traditional names like L will become more of an approximation
What ants must feel like
Now debating the nature of citizen and state, effective democracy ; necessary revolution, moderated by .
Were accelerating opening up configurator/order page for more countries. Sorry, lot on our plate!
Yes
Nuke Mars refers to a continuous stream of very low fallout nuclear fusion explosions above the atmosphere to create artificial suns. Much like our sun, this would not cause Mars to become radioactive.
Along with several guillotine death threats!
It has been a very long road
Were trying to simplify product complexity, so only offering white (technically black ; white) interior in high volume markets
It is true, so fine by me
Clayton is wrong. New tech is always expensive. Tech disruption occurs at *high end*, eg computers ; cell phones. It takes many design iterations ; vast economies of scale to achieve mass market affordability.
Good point
The Great Pyramid was the tallest structure made by humans for years. Three thousand, eight hundred years.
True
Certainly worth trying! The objective reality for large cities worldwide is that efforts to solve traffic have not worked well. If we dont try *something* new, we will be in traffic hell forever.
Ascent phase ; satellites look good, but booster rocket had a RUD on droneship
It will
Will be needed for sure. Bandwidth, no problem, latency is a challenge
Unity port is done, so finessing the controls now. Mostly limited by local storage. Will allow additional game storage via USB. Whatevers most fun!
Yes
Hate to say it, but we need to increase oil ; gas output immediately. Extraordinary times demand extraordinary measures.
FSD Beta coming out in a few days. Improvement should be significant.
Probably sooner
Night is easy. Twilight is hardest.
I mean also
Those are major factors
Franz throws steel ball at Cybertruck window right before launch. Guess we have some improvements to make before production haha.
Seems fishy
Thanks everyone! Still cant believe I was born days after /20
Making progress. Maybe something to announce in a few months. Have played all prior Deus Ex. Not this one yet.
Mass to orbit is a more accurate metric than of launches, although should be orbit-adjusted (eg GTO&gt;LEO), which would increase competitor mass numbers
Aiming for hover test next week
Its there for when we start competing with Uber/Lyft ; people allow their car to earn money for them as part of the Tesla shared autonomy fleet. In case someone messes up your car, you can check the video.
Possible, but one step at a time. Anything we release to the fleet has big implications these days. For example, if someones on data roaming ; video is enabled, they will get a giant cell phone bill. Operating in + countries results in many corner cases!
Ideally kWh, calculated as total energy used by system divided by max transaction rate
Fate loooves irony haha
Yup
Also adding Tesla Solar to our Supercharger stations as fast as possible. Goal is /7 clean power with no blackouts.
Probably good to combine them, since they are converging in time. Im hopeful we can announce a date after the July th week.
Table in tension
Lot of things need to go right, so maybe /3 chance
Yup
Exciting progress on the tunnel front. Plan to start digging in a month or so.
Not bad
Flamethrower obv best way to light your fireplace/BBQ. No more need to use a dainty match to ignite! If no wood, just drop your flamethrower in fire place! It will generate way more warmth than a quaint pile of logs.
The statistics stopped being valid when anyone with covid symptoms, which is now almost anything, was counted as having covid
It does need people!
I endorse freedom to form a union too, as well as freedom not to do so if they feel Tesla is a good company. UAW has major conflicts of interest ; failed our car plant already when they abandoned us in . Tesla can only hire % of applicants, so must be doing something right.
Smart Summon will work on all v2.0+ hardware in wide release
Race to orbit by both teams, although a success by both in close proximity would be amazing ; each would count as a win
Terms ; conditions for Not-a-Flamethrower Please use as directed to avoid unintentionally burning things down. For simple ; concise instructions, we drew upon wisdom in great Dr Seuss book Green Eggs and Ham.
You're welcome. It did seem like the chicken of destiny xx
I wonder if he reads his Twitter feed
Floor is installed, elevator is operational, waiting on glass
Congrats to DeepMind! Many experts in the field thought AI was years away from achieving this.
Coming soon!
Naturally
Huge appreciation for , without whom we could not even have started, let alone reached this far.
Support as they try to save a good satellite from becoming space junk. Let it live!
All we had back then was carpet ; a mariachi band. Now, SPACESHIP!!
Happy Thanksgiving!
Dojo Doge
Technically, the steel is radiatively cooled (not uncooled). T^4 is one of the most interesting things about reality!
Yeah, would be great to get feedback from Tesla supporters
Given the extreme burn, shorts are pushing every possible fear, uncertainty ; doubt story
Like blowing twigs too?
Yes, wight destruction guaranteed or your money back!
Probably Starlink ; some fun things
Not yet, but they will. Its needed for full self-driving.
Je maple syrup
One of our main conference rooms at SpaceX is named after Goddard
C
Tap your phone or key and your car will open the garage door, exit, close the door and come to you. Will do same in reverse for unsummon.
Exactly. Only time I sell Tesla stock is when my stock options are expiring ; I have no choice. Btw, I will continue to pay income taxes in California proportionate to my time in state, which is ; will be significant.
It is far too complex for that. Requires a team of the world's best AI researchers with massive computing resources.
Please voice your disagreement as strongly as possible with
So true. Imagine if phones were gasoline powered. Total sales would be like units worldwide! Using oil/gas ; being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
Thoughtful Model review by , one of the most insightful journalists
Yes, this was an utter boldface (literally) lie! Unbelievable that WSJ would write something so false.
Yeah, we don't do a good job of telling people about this feature. Requires hardware unfortunately.
sigh
Tuition is in Dogecoin ; u get a discount if u have a dog
Just sent a note to check
With extreme effort, Cybertruck might hit a drag coefficient, which would be insane for a truck. Requires tweaking many small details.
Semi-infinite
Swear it works great in hell or yer back
years of intense programming on extremely weak CPUs with nothing for memory ; a straw for bandwidth tends to burn itself onto your like a branding iron. Can still remember trying to squeeze fractions of a millisecond out of the /?}%$; fetch_joystick_state function.
Andrej is awesome, but it should be said that we have a very talented Autopilot/AI team at Tesla. Too much credit comes to me ; Andrej.
big mobile app update coming with next month
This was key showstopper for me personally. Couldnt make it happen, even through expert fiduciary SPV, without creating exotic trust structure that would prob not be accepted by regulators. Current rules have good intentions, but make wealth creation harder for small investors.
on SN2
Trial program for opening Tesla Superchargers to other EVs has begun
SpaceX student Hyperloop top speed competition coming up soon!
Im a big fan of Kathy Lueders!
Tesla policy is never to give in to false claims, even if we would lose, and never to fight true claims, even if we would win.
Am talking to in a few hours
Thanks
Truth
SS Heart of Gold powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive!
Most of Earth by end of year, all by next year, then its about densifying coverage. Important to note that cellular will always have the advantage in dense urban areas. Satellites are best for low to medium population density areas.
Ok
There was an overpressure event in the upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Data suggests counterintuitive cause.
Most importantly, every electric car, Tesla or otherwise, matters to the environment we all share. Every time someone chooses electric, the future gets a little bit brighter! If not Tesla, please take a look at these other options:
tau &gt; pi
How many electric vehicle startups are there? Seems like a lot.
Hopefully
Yes
Testing a possible Starship windward side ceramic tile. Maximizing emissivity is best for conductive/particle heating. Nice thing about steel is that tiles can be very thin, unlike carbon fiber or aluminum airframe.
We learned our lesson with $465M DoE loan received in /2011 onerous terms exceed value of money received. Thats why we paid it back so early, despite an early repayment penalty.
Crew Dragon should be physically ready ; at the Cape in Feb, but completing all safety reviews will probably take a few more months
Great verdict
Computer glitch found by avionics while bench testing on IM. Couldn't replicate on vehicle. Launch proceeding...
Next year
Huge thanks to everyone who contributed ideas to Cybertruck. Its better because of you!
We need serious tonnage to Mars
That's how the tiles sit on the roof. There is no difference in strength for the Tesla tile based on orientation (not like wood).
Either way, sustainable energy wins!!
Agreed, this will be exciting to see!
First flights would have fewer, so as to risk less loss of hardware. Probably around .
Made it back from space and fairing parafoil just deployed. Now trying to catch it ...
Yes
Problem is possible impact on curbs or ground objects with the car itself or door swing arc
Yes. Physics of large cells means distance from cooling loop to center of cell is high, so harder to prevent hotspots. Then, pressure ; heat released from large cell in weak bag make it impossible to stop whole pack from burning. Pretty basic.
Exactly. We barked up that tree for way too long (sigh). Gives a false sense of victory being close a tantalizing local maximum but reality is just too messy ; weird. Our new system is capable of driving in locations we never seen even once.
Certainly one of the largest. A company whose name rhymes with Shmoogle is pretty far ahead. But I think were the leader in shallow-minded AI haha!
Doing tests from several different labs, same time of day, administered by RN ; am requesting N1 gene PCR cycle threshold. There is no official standard for PCR testing. Not sure people realize this.
Love The Handmaiden. Director also made original Korean Oldboy.
Filters bacteria, viruses, spores, pollen ; particulate of almost any kind
Sorry for the delay on V2.X! We just couldnt get it all done in time.
Just drove FSD Beta from Pasadena to LAX. Much improved!
Forgot to say one thing at Tesla annual shareholders meeting: just as my money was the first in, it will be the last out.
Ms. Tree caught the Falcon fairing!!
Just a scratch. We can buff it out.
We are trapped in a prison of fonts
Its all hot air in the end haha
The sheer amount of time Tesla has spent dealing with bike lane is staggering. Short answer yes.
Yikes
Falcon on LZ-1 at Cape Canaveral
To be fair, investors are giving us significant credit for achieving self-driving, given that Teslas valuation/production is very high compared to other automakers
Im ok, thanks for asking. No symptoms for past few days, apart from fatigue. Unless something changes, would have to say that it simply felt like a mild cold.
Third revision of Enhanced Summon hopefully going to Tesla owners with early access later this week
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
They sure can twist the knife in that show!
So many layers with Tesla FSD AI!
The economics have to be something like that to build a self-sustaining city on Mars
You remind me of when I was a kid and my friends angry Mom would just randomly yell at everyone for no reason
Thanks. Exactly. Some in the press think they're so much smarter than Tesla owners that "they know better". Makes no sense.
Thank you for the thoughtful letter
Were all just made of two quarks ; a lepton
Sorry about this. We will do our best. The Tesla production ; delivery teams have been working super hard.
Its all about the cufflinks
That would be next-level
That was a joke. I didn't realize people actually used those.
I didn't pose for it (hopefully that's obvious) or want me on cover. Tunnel boring machine pic wd be way better
Tesla made vehicle bodies this week for the first time. Really proud of the team! Pic of S/N :
Youre welcome
Odds of center core surviving are about % imo, as its coming in about times faster than a rifle bullet
This is gonna sound crazy, but
Bring Me the Horizon
Will probably make sense to do this when Starship Mk has Raptors, moving body fins ; landing gear installed, which is hopefully mid September
Haha
Completely agree. Every Tesla should have good art ; music creation software.
Tbh, I must confess to occasionally pontificating about high-concept things
UDP (yeah you know me) X
Tesla V6 software upload coming soon. Need to make sure it is "awesome" - Lord Business
New York judge just ruled in favor Tesla, dismissing the legal attack by auto dealers to prevent direct sales!
Please lmk what youd most like improved/fixed about your Tesla. Thanks!
They will be fine
Reason for top rating is that active steering ; braking safety features of Tesla Autopilot are turned on no cost for all cars
Best analysis of Model to date (German)
Thats not funny! Bitcoin maxis
$35k price, unveil in March, preorders start then.
An honor to work with such a great team
We must fight for it to be better
Yes, new cars and existing fleet
Tesla announcement goes live at pm California time. minutes of media Q;A to follow.
Overall shape is good for low drag coefficient. Matters a lot exactly how you trip airflow at edges ; guide air around wheels, like an invisible sculpture.
True
If the results look good from the latest point release, then we are days away from a release to all HW1 and to all HW2 early next week
m
When we need strange training examples, eg half a car on highway, Tesla sim delivers. Also, accidents on Autopilot are becoming rarer, so we need more close call examples. For safety tests, Autopilot sees dummy far away. Emergency braking only needed for distracted drivers.
Major improvements ; some unexpected applications to be unveiled on Friday at in Australia
Yes!
Want to play The Witcher game on your Tesla? (you can already watch the show on Tesla Netflix theater)
And why aim your attacks at Tesla, when were doing more than any other company on Earth to advance green/sustainable energy? Have you read the news?
Roughly to per year. Thats about whats needed over ten years to create the fleet to build a self-sustaining city on Mars. City itself probably takes roughly years, so hopefully it is built by ~2050.
Checking into it
Build super safe, Earthquake-proof tunnels under cities to solve traffic
Deepfake
You'll know as soon as we do. We are deep in production hell
Is there a longer edit I can post?
Yes, will also show real-time changes to max acceleration, braking, cornering, speed on gradient ; range, latter factoring in route elevation changes ; cargo or tow mass ; drag impact
Model S at Nrburgring has seats
Chad saves Mars!
Exactly
Hh
First, its important to know that Tesla is the most shorted (meaning most bet against) stock on the market ; has been for a while
Math jokes have a small audience
Its a step in the right direction, but they should really aim for full reusability by . Larger rocket would also make sense for literal economies of scale. Goal should be to minimize cost per useful ton to orbit or it will at best serve a niche market.
Not true
Beta will be next-level
Mein Herz brennt isboss fight song
For aero control, it comes down to % of cross-sectional area moving vs not. Flexible as to whether front or rear, so long as within bounds of center of mass ; pressure.
Stability is controlled by (very) rapid movement of rear ; fwd fins during entry ; landing, as well as ACS thrusters. The smaller leeward fin would simply be used as a leg.
Sarah Palin calls Tesla a loser. Am deeply wounded. Btw, Model S warranty does cover "bricking".
Coming soon
Production version will be a lot more polished than this prototype, but still fun to see
Silicon Valley has become Sanctimonious Valley
I was just there. Cardboard being prepped for recycling along southern fence line caught fire. Super appreciate fast response by Fremont fire dept! No injuries or damage to factory.
For reason I can't explain, I find especially odd. Also, not a fan of . Has led too many people astray in valuing securities.
Sure
Apple app store fees are a de facto global tax on the Internet. Epic is right.
Tesla Tesla Autopilot is named after aircraft autopilot, as it is always expected that a pilot must stay alert.
Ride comfort ; aero/road noise already better than CR car, which was early production. Wish we could make the car perfect from day , but theres always room for improvement. Highly recommend dropping tire pressure % below max to ~39 psi for comfort. Only affects range by ~2%.
SN + will have better fit ; weld quality. Later serial numbers will use bigger stampings, so much less weld length.
Maybe hes feeling the bern haha
Maybe Incat
DMT FTW
Were going to include some fun games as hidden Easter eggs in Tesla S, X ; . What do you think would be most fun in a car using the center touch screen?
!freespace
If Canadian government is suppressing peaceful protests, thats where fascism lies ; cartoonist is just a shill
Rocket fairing falls from space ; is caught by Ms Tree boat
Good analysis. Were working on lowering min throttle of Raptor, so that there is engine redundancy throughout the landing burn.
Well, my past mistakes do seem extremely dumb, especially the ones where I mistakenly thought I was smart
Next major technology rev is at SN20. Those ships will be orbit-capable with heat shield ; stage separation system. Ascent success probability is high. However, SN20+ vehicles will probably need many flight attempts to survive Mach entry heating ; land intact.
Had a minor operation, so am in bed in meds. Probably shouldn't be tweeting
Tower arms are lifting Starship onto Super Heavy Booster
Vast majority of ventilators are not intratracheal, but, yes, jamming a pipe down a patients throat ; driving in high pressure, pure oxygen is definitely not how we evolved! My personal choice would be mask with moderate pressure at ~50% O2.
Might be boring
So often true
I love Twitter
Three engine F9R Dev1 vehicle auto-terminated during test flight. No injuries or near injuries. Rockets are tricky
Couldnt afford to pay for repairs, so I fixed almost everything on that car from parts in the junkyard. Ironically, thats me replacing broken side window glass. The circle is complete lol.
Kinda has to happen
Going offline for a few days
Close
Our competitors do
It is actually called deep rain, as sort of a joke at Tesla. Takes a surprising amount of deep learning to know when ; how fast to move the wipers.
We bought some trucking companies ; secured contracts with major haulers to avoid trucking shortage mistake of last quarter
If you lose pressure control on rocket propellant tanks, youre doomed anyway, so might as well go all in
Haha true
BFR AMA on r/space in hours
Over k Starlink user terminals
Coldformed at cryo
On the plus side...: change has a silver lining: supersized sweet potatoes
Exactly. Eventually, they run out of other peoples money and then they come for you.
Were changing Powerwall Storm Watch to Disaster Watch. Covers more bases.
Hopefully have the order page live before then. If not, will push price change out a bit later.
Exactly
Python is done right. Great name story too.
While I like the initials, I'd take the so-called "EM Drive" with a grain o salt per article
Of course
We created electric cars to help solve the problem, not because we thought it was easy money. Still isn't.
Hat
Tunnels arent required for this, but might be the only realistic way to solve for downtown to downtown travel
It is an honor ; a privilege to work with so many great engineers
Its true I do think a lot about rocket engine chamber pressure ahaha
Sentry Mode options will be: Always Exclude Home Exclude Work Exclude saved locations Ask Off
Yeah, its next-level ; will just keep getting better with more training data from fleet. Tesla sim team is also crushing it.
Probably V10 alpha build
REALiTi made while u wait
It certainly does
Fred Astaire ; Ginger Rogers
Hell of a rocket! Probably would have succeeded if Korolev had not died. Hopefully, Starship is more fortunate.
., are you aware that one of your senior journalists (Russ Mitchell) is openly funding a fake charity run by an online bully?
Douglas Adams ftw
Loki is pretty good. Basically, live-action with a long romance ark.
Ukraine civilian Internet was experiencing strange outages bad weather perhaps? so SpaceX is helping fix it
can't always detect babies and pets
Cool, thanks for letting us know. This is helpful for figuring out fairing reusability.
He didnt own an emerald mine ; I worked my way through college, ending up ~$100k in student debt. I couldnt even afford a nd PC at Zip2, so programmed at night ; website only worked during day. Where is this bs coming from?
Roller coasters are awesome
GoT season finale leaked
Exactly. For reusable heatshield, minimize peak heating. For ablative/expendable, minimize total heat. Therefore reusable like Starship wants lift during high Mach reentry for lower peak, but higher total heat.
For sure. First set of tunnels are to alleviate greater LA urban congestion. Will start NY-DC in parallel. Then prob LA-SF and a TX loop.
Long lasting battery + fast recharge &gt; pack swap
Ok
Good catch!
Even if the answer is only on the order of %, we should still take immediate action, as there is only one atmosphere.
Tesla Goes Bankrupt Palo Alto, California, April , -- Despite intense efforts to raise money, including a last-ditch mass sale of Easter Eggs, we are sad to report that Tesla has gone completely and totally bankrupt. So bankrupt, you can't believe it.
Posting SpaceX videos is definitely not copyright infringement!
yes. Also, only worked if you logged on to a malicious hotspot ; used browser. No customers were hacked.
Model is due in ~2 yrs. A China factory for local demand cd be as soon as a year after. A factory in Europe wd happen for same reason.
Could people from Tonga let us know if it is important for SpaceX to send over Starlink terminals?
things like this should be purged shortly
True
Malcolm new book is
Yes, but more ground stations ; improved packet routing will make a bigger difference
...but only if you like your house "Honda recalls Fit for fire risk, says park it outside "
Yes
Full stack is rn, but kinda beggin for just one more
First kit set will be ancient Egypt pyramids, Sphinx, temple of Horus, etc
We should be much more worried about population collapse
And then some
coming in a few days to address a few annoying issues
Mobi-C has too much mobility, fusion has too little. We need Mobi-D haha.
Indeed. Over time, Tesla will generate hundreds of billions for the government in terms of employee income tax, product sales tax and property tax, in addition to profit taxation.
YOLT
This is gonna be great
Wow,
Cybertruck unveil on Nov in LA near SpaceX rocket factory
Wow, this is extremely important!!
Fun!
Also, the British legal system in
Polytopia
Lets make the roaring s happen!
Yeah thats exactly how I feel. However it happens, I just hope it does.
Also
Motor Trend on Model S updates
Come on media, you can do it! Get more people to vote for you. You are literally the media.
Climate change deniers claim "scientists disagree", same rebuttal used by tobacco industry about lung cancer for decades
Overall master plan should be explained. I think it still makes sense if we dont consider AI b other.
Static fire data looks good so far. This is first launch of Falcon Heavy Block , so were being extra cautious. Launch date might move.
Yes
Header tanks are only ~2% of main tank volume, so not a big deal. Pressurized volume is still ~1000 cubic meters.
Sunday/Monday
Due to lack of banging, civilization might ended with a whimper! Adult diaper sales growth is much higher than baby diaper sales growth.
Video of battery pack swap will be posted to the Tesla website around :30pm, so those attending will see this first.
Range will be above km
Absolutely
Telekinesis
Thinking about this
No, Raptors must be shielded during atmospheric entry. Although, maybe not ...
This will be bigger
You had me at Sheen or Gaddafi. Must admit to liking "The Fault in Our Stars" too. Sad, romantic and beautifully named
There is no way it is only %, given the staggeringly massive number of fossil subsidies that exist in every country, or as high as %.
Tesla Model S driven miles from Vegas to the beach in LA on a single charge by
Way too many paywalls ; spawn points
Yeah. Outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
Does my hivemind count as me?
Stop gendering memes I mean mimes
Falcon Heavy thrust will be M lbf at liftoff -- twice any rocket currently flying. It's a beast...
Will include India-wide Supercharger network
The one about to come out called So Heavy i fell through the earth
If next weeks release looks good, we will widen beta
Tesla FSD plus holiday fun software release probably Tuesday
Super appreciate free concert for Tesla during this intense time!
Model X is an extremely difficult car to build. Most complex passenger car ever. Limiting factor is interior trim.
No plans to change cell form factor for X and S
Might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites to warm Mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
No problem. We could program Starship to perform Swan Lake in the sky. Minimizing landing burn propellant mass is whats hard.
Building double-layer Kevlar pressure pods with Teflon coating to slip by rocks ; front/rear rope tow hitch ; lead pockets for neutral buoyancy. ~60 cm oval. Testing this aft in a pool with a subject who has never done SCUBA. Do the divers think something like this might work?
But Im just a simple sheep/ram
The sheer physicality of changes in the brain during sleep or with serious neurodegenerative diseases is much higher than people realize
Very interesting
No, weve been focusing on production (now on SN12). Only need bar or even a bit less for Starship/Super Heavy. Anything above is nice to have ; well get around to it, but not needed for flight.
It is still available off menu, but I dont think the range, in many drive conditions, yet meets the Tesla standard of excellence
Digital Style!
Deep thots
Yes
On Mars, I like to drink my coffee in this mug
Good progress harnessing that big fusion reactor in the sky
Cybertruck can have any color you want, so long as its nothing
Upgrade to the latest S. Nothing will give you greater joy. Its like being able to have dopamine jacked straight into your brain at will.
Cybertruck is our last product unveil for a while, but there will be some (mostly) unexpected technology announcements next year
Merc News story about Tesla using $5/hr labor seems to be missing a digit. Tesla actually paid $55/hr.
Queen
Flight is hopefully to months away
In talking to our public investors, most were supportive of optimizing for long-term value creation over quarterly earnings. This was also a factor in remaining public.
ISIS
Sorry it took so long
Video of MIT's entrant into the SpaceX Hyperloop competition. Air has been removed from the Hyperloop tube to almost vacuum conditions.
Hoping to open the Century City Tesla store this month. It is my neighborhood mall, so I'm there all the time.
It worked in Texas
Interesting
The pledge is good no matter what
Of course!
I found some footage of the drive
Still working through a lot of challenges with the government
Other companies spend money on advertising ; manipulating public opinion, Tesla focuses on the product. I trust the people.
Design has been changed so the lands on legs that extend from the tips of the three fins, two of which actuate (mostly for pitch control)
It would appear that the so-called fringe minority is actually the government
Also true
For sure!
I think so. For sure worth giving it our best shot! Would be great to have a competitive, commercial program to build a moon base that is outcome-oriented (not cost-plus), so you only get paid for safe delivery of cargo.
True
Merging code branches ; one more QA-level release this week. Hopefully, EAP wide release week after.
If you have autonav enabled, car will automatically navigate either to address in calendar, to work if youre home ; to home if at work. Not sure if thats in wide release yet, but def in early access. Its an awesome feature.
Digital clock coming in weeks
Will run the SpaceX pusher sled later this week and see what it can do
Early next year. To start with, we're making the simplest Model first, like we did with S. Didn't do it with X, because I was an idiot.
Taxing all billionaires at % only drops national debt by ~10%, which is just one year of deficit spending
Tesla holiday software update goes to wide release today!
Roll them
If we are not careful, we will find that knife against liberty's neck. Fate has a great sense of irony.
Exactly
So cute
m
At Cape for launch, so watched on hotel screen, but still so beautiful
Probably mph or km/h
Twitter is so dark
Lets go boyz!
Or a self-perpetuating autocracy based on a farcical aquatic ceremony where the king is chosen by a wise panzer in a lake
Full year production is usually ~70% of peak daily rate, so /year. Still, non-trivial at tons of thrust/year.
The big funds can ; will, as theyre suffering a net loss. Index managers like Blackrock pocket make excessive profit from short lending while pretending to charge low rates for passive index tracking.
There are some practical size constraints too. Cant be too big to fit in the engine compartment. But, it could be a little bigger. sec Isp would be nice.
Contour remains approx same, but fundamental materials change to airframe, tanks ; heatshield
Swear it works great in hell or yer back
Birth rate collapse is the biggest threat to human civilization
Tesla is ramping up Solar Roof installation across the USA! Training will be provided, so no prior experience needed. Apply at
According to the Italian govt, only % of deaths are actually due to C19. This is a significant policy difference in Italy vs most other countries.
Yes
Boring Company just broke through the other side!!
Its there. Just unfold the visor and lift the cover.
Very likely that a home with clean power thats lower cost than utility, plus blackout protection via Powerwall, will have a positive effect on value
Oh behave u naughty planet
Electrical ; mechanical engineering
Our production ramp plan should enable large numbers of non X/S customers to receive the credit.
Tim Curry ftw
Its also because of the Spitfire engine ; wizard
LA is so beautiful after the rain
Haha
Apollo
I do spend a bit of time pontificating tbh
Tesla Moth Mode (better late than never)
Wild $T1mes!
Same, except where limited by EU regulations. Were aware of extreme consumer unhappiness about this ; are working with EU regulators to address.
Tesla has
Technical details will be in release notes
Well, I do have multiple personality disorder, but theyre all technically in the same head
That is odd. Try pressing both scroll wheel buttons to reboot. Have forwarded this to service.
am guity
Autopilot active crash prevention keeps getting better, as we examine every crash for improvement ; then upload smarter software. Ironically, I hope were never on the list!
Good point, we could enable visualization before control. Will enable that option hopefully next month.
th Supercharger goes live
Top Safety Pick+ from IIHS! Thats the highest overall rating, but we think we can get max score for all subcategories/individual tests too. Retesting in a month or so with improved software. The improved software will then be uploaded to all cars with FSD computers.
Yes
Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with amberheard, and
Lovely story
We have a big dog called Gatsby, a little dog called Marvin the Martian ; a cat named Schrdinger
Unfortunately, this has been necessary for many years, but hopefully not forever
Yup
Coming soon
The Permian-Triassic was super bad
Exactly
Worth noting that Boeing/Lockheed ("Other US" on chart) get a billion dollar annual subsidy even if they launch nothing. SpaceX does not.
Hmmm
Haha true. Why do showers have such a wide range!?
I worked for Peter Nicholson, who is awesome. Mostly, we exchanged math riddles, although I did figure out a multi-billion dollar arbitrage opportunity for the bank. Figured theyd at least give me $1/hour raise, but no
Does you know output voltage ; amperage of those generator trucks? phase? What frequency? Will need high voltage transformer to carry power over distance or very thick cable. Beyond that, only batteries will work. Will prep Powerwalls in case needed.
Yes
Astronomer Royal Martin Rees: How soon will robots take over the world? - via
Thats what life was like back in
More Superchargers coming soon!
Tesla AI might play a role in AGI, given that it trains against the outside world, especially with the advent of Optimus
As sure as night follows day
Yup, even the moon
True. Ancient times Had to flip CPU registers explicitly, as computer was so slow.
Exactly
Took my son to play piano for the seniors home in Pasadena. It was lovely to see them smile
Great meeting you!
Comes standard with Cybertruck
Extreme wind shear over Cape Canaveral. Feels like a sledgehammer when supersonic in the vertical. Hoping it changes
Workin on it. One of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
Haha awesome
Nice
Wow, Ive never seen this level of support! Out of respect, seems like I should at least visit.
We stole the idea from Karate Kid
It is an honor to serve NASA and the countries of the International Space Station
Its simulations all the way down, until eventually its just bit
Still a lot of work needed to receive formal approval, but am optimistic that will occur rapidly
This is true. They each have avionics, several nitrogen thrusters ; steerable parachutes.
True
Design ; production of The Spirit of St Louis was so incredible
Phone notification with ability to view possibly relevant still images is no problem. Live video from several cameras is too much bandwidth.
Maybe near BRO airport, since that serves both communities?
This isnt correct. Will address.
When I was a kid, I built model airplanes, trainsets, rockets (mixed my own powder), explosives (kinda surprised I still have all fingers), a radio, lots of software. Built a primitive MRI machine in college.
Youre most welcome. More to come in this regard.
Thanks Phil!
Bad incentive structure
Hoping to open in Romania soon!
What if we just made a mini version of the Tesla Semi?
SpaceX Software AMA
This will be under /r/spacex, not the general AMA. Meant to be supplemental to the IAC talk.
Wow, that's great!
Thanks Bob : Tesla Takes on TX Dealer's Association (MA too) - Repeal anti-competitive dealer laws - "
I meant lmpe. Wheres the edit function when you really need it!?
To be clear, I do think finance ; law are important, but too many smart people in the US go into those fields. Also, too many MBAs.
Glad we could help
I visiting Boca Chica, Brownsville ; Texas in general! Thanks for all your support!!
stock art
Absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your Tesla anywhere in the world, unless its prevented by government rules. Thanks for letting me know.
For more on the Fermi Paradox: , and
Cool
Congrats to for being the first to drive a Tesla Model S over miles on a single charge!
Haha sure
Ok
Oh hi lol
Yes, but only deep in solid rock, where the walls are self-supporting and concrete reinforcements arguably aren't needed
Physics is a set of compression functions for the simulation
Ford has CEOs in years ; nobody blinks, but Tesla loses intern ; its front page news. I tell ya (shakes fist at sky)
Probably m or so
Us too sigh
Good point
Already donated to Signal a year ago. Will donate more.
Sellers of medium height or above are fine
Sorry!
We had to increase some wire thicknesses in S/X to reduce resistive heating. Technically, wont be quite mph charging, as X especially is much bigger than .
Just left Zeebrugge, now Tilburg, then Tesla HQ in Amsterdam ; Oslo tonight to review service in Norway. Exciting to see thousands of Model s on their way to owners in Europe!
Auto steer limited to mph on highways for now, i.e. heavy traffic, where it is needed most. Limit will raise as we get more data.
Sigmoidal for China, followed by sigmoidal for rest of world
Not to be taken literally, of course. He means any maker of dairy products.
The gritty truth
Ok, lets figure this out tomorrow. Im all for exciting video coverage, but we also cant have the place festooned with cameras.
People ought to think more about who wrote the software that's running in their head (sigh). It probably wasn't them.
Tower arms are lifting Starship onto Super Heavy Booster
Yes
All children were resettled by HHS. After days, the department called the parents or guardians to check up on things. But these calls were not required by law, and in cases, the parents or guardians did not respond
Yes
Have recently come to appreciate the awesome, absurdist humor of Waiting for Godot. We so often wait, without knowing why, when or where.
Time
A careful observer would note that my (low basis) share sale rate significantly exceeds my b (high basis) option exercise rate, thus closer to tax maximization than minimization.
Thanks!
Yes. Everything is slow to a phased array antenna.
Live webcast of the launch at
Were working on a simple initial version of Autopark. Will be safe, but sometimes park in silly places that arent actual parking spaces.
Yes, but Model is the overwhelming priority
Maybe a little Mercy
I will literally pay actual $ if they just void their accounts
Impressive work by Chad ; Steve!
Tesla China rocks!
Not going up. We will just offer those who ordered bought P either $5k back or free lifetime Supercharging.
No standard automotive solution could be built in time, so we created a new solution. It is working ; has slightly higher quality than the more traditional general assembly line. Perhaps most surprising is that the total cost of production in the Sprung tent is lower.
Team is in fact working hard! They just confirmed is good to go tomorrow night.
That is true. If someone says they are thinking about having kids, I always encourage them to do so.
Great wisdom
Much appreciated!
Bound to happen
Yeah, there was a major change in last several months. Everyone noticed, Fred. Hello.
A US
My comments starts at :49 mark
Grid fin hydraulic pump stalled, so Falcon landed just out to sea. Appears to be undamaged ; is transmitting data. Recovery ship dispatched.
Auto dealers in Texas are trying to stop Tesla. Would appreciate your help in fighting for what's right
Looking into it
Progress is good
Tesla Autopilot vision neural net now working well. Just need to get a lot of road time to validate in a wide range of environments.
A Flock of Bricks
Yes. Hardware already on all production S and X cars.
Thank you Evelyn, I loved it
Frangible would def hurt reusability. Also, presumably those quarter sections are actuated or aero control will be impossible.
untrue
Would be odd to expect anything else
Our true competition is not the small trickle of non-Tesla electric cars being produced, but rather the enormous flood of gasoline cars pouring out of the worlds factories every day
Yeah
ISS is extremely gigantic ; has lights
Sorry, demand has been higher than expected. Making them as fast as possible, but waitlist is to months.
Still agree with Tim's points. What "you" are is an evolving, mind-body pattern, but there's still a core youness that holds true over time.
Absolutely
Never thought wed make it this far
Provided Dragon demo missions go well, SpaceX is highly confident of being able to fly US astronauts in
But I guess I should take my own advice ; just work on saving the things I love
Probably best to keep control local, but easy to check status from afar
Important note for US Tesla buyers: Federal tax credit drops by $3750 in weeks. To be on the cancellation waitlist for delivery this year or if you want a display car, order at or visit our stores. Full refund if Tesla cant deliver your car this year.
Yes, but not until next year
Exactly (sigh)
Making progress
Ideally, the S should just hold position when it knows that's what you really want
Its coming
Dam now rly want choc chip muffin
mins to T-0
Starship will do orbital launches from Boca Chica (near Brownsville) ; Cape
Exactly
yup
Its USB-C
It floats
Walking speed is around km/h, but if youre in an air tube, time doesnt matter much. If tube diameter was m, a fast walk of km would take mins or so. Just need to duck for the narrow sections.
A high production rate solves many ills
Good question
And Beta is a step change improvement from what you have!
Zero Suit
Probably t-F by end of year
Hold Strong Ukraine
Thin tiles on windward side of ship ; nothing on leeward or anywhere on booster looks like lightest option
Yeah
Crew Dragon high altitude abort test
Not sure we actually need a building. This tent is pretty sweet. Tesla Grohmann line is in place at Giga ; spooling up now. They super kicked ass too. Heiliger Strohsack!
Not impossible
Much better chess engine coming
Makes me very sad indeed, but also the fault is mine by far
Sunset at the Gigafactory
Good thread
Wow, thanks for offering to help! The coming week is incredibly intense. If any current Tesla owners whod like to help educate new owners could head to Tesla delivery centers during midday on Sat/Sun ; morning/evening on weekdays, that would be super appreciated!
Yeah
If you ever wondered where we came from
Something cool for sure
Historical precedent. Mars vehicle will be metric.
Only a matter of time before someone steals a Tesla while playing GTA on a Tesla
Fate *loves* irony. Frankly, too much.
Annual tire rotation is actually optional. Only worthwhile if you see significant differential wear on inside vs outside of tire.
Yeah, dual motor AWD is super fun!
Ok
This time, the vacuum tunnel will be a bit longer ; SpaceX will provide some advance funding for student teams with most promising designs. Bonus award for all race pods that exceed half the speed of sound!
There is no refreshed Model X or Model S coming, only a series of minor ongoing changes. Most significant change in past few years was to use high efficiency Model rear drive unit as S/X front drive unit. That went into production months ago.
Yeah, sold my houses, except for in Bay Area thats rented out for events. Working on sustainable energy for Earth with Tesla ; protecting future of consciousness by making life multiplanetary with SpaceX. Also, AI risk mitigation with Neuralink ; fixing traffic with Boring.
Easier to make the plane change to equatorial orbit. Done in order to reduce satellite side delta V from m/s to m/s.
Many steps forward, some steps back. Yes, we do a lot of QA before releasing a beta version.
You really think I havent spent time in a newsroom? Ive spent time in too many. Bleak.
SpaceX has sued to be *allowed* to compete, BO is suing to stop competition
High reflectivity minimizes photonic heating, high emissivity minimizes particle heating. No need to radiate heat away if you arent hot in the first place. Also, as metal heats up to yellow/red/white, it stops being reflective.
Worth discussing at annual shareholders meeting
Will take action
Come here no, come, here
Tesla Sentry Mode coming soon for all cars with Enhanced Autopilot
You are most welcome
True
Literally
Indeed, the esthetics of cutlery are a source of great stress
High bay for stacking Starship engine bay, propellant tanks ; fairing (fka nosecone) sections is almost done!
srsly
Rewatched "Ghost in the Shell" and the end of "Colossus: The Forbin Project"
Vaporized some copper
Not currently planning for pad abort with early Starships, but maybe we should. Vac engines would be dual bell ; fixed (no gimbal), which means we can stabilize nozzle against hull.
Beautiful solar sail
Really don't want to get in politics. I just want to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives. Feels so bizarre.
Exactly!
Those old ladies are wise
Merry Christmas!
Or does he?
That version of Falcon never flew, so must be ~2004. The CAD looks so simple! I think we were still using SolidWorks back then.
Lyft/Uber/taxi drivers are expert Tesla advocates. Thanks for your support!!
Pretty much
Maybe this could be part of a (safe) car version of Pokmon Go style game
At Zip2, I wrote entire V1 of software for drawing vector maps ; calculating point to point directions anywhere in US (first ever company to do so), as well as white pages ; business listings w reviews (an early Yelp). Also wrote V1 of classifieds, autotrading ; real estate apps.
Norway has some really cool tunnels and bridges
Nano applies to everything ; therefore means nothing. Definitely indicates bs. Sorry.
That said, Lori deserves a lot of credit for supporting competitive, commercial space launch while under massive assault from old-school monopolists
Makes sense
It is crazy that the proposed California high speed rail only goes mph w avg speed of mph when Japan is mph+
But is he playing it on Legendary difficulty?
SpaceX team
Thanks Jack, Twitter rocks!
Sure, that would be an honor
Exactly
Baby due on Monday
Thanks for your support over the year !
Thanks!
Not exactly same time, as countries have different regulations ; we try to build in batches to simplify production
Dragon abort test video
We already have a giant, free fusion reactor in the sky called the sun. Just catch its energy with PV, store in battery ; youre pretty much done.
Will upload some videos tomorrow
Landing at Vandenberg AFB in California
Haha Falcon? Nein!
Thinkularity
Now that Tesla V10.0 with Smart Summon is out, Full Self-Driving price will increase by $1000 on Nov
Tonight
Best-selling by revenue in , possibly by unit volume in
That is the near-term danger of AI
Great video
Wanted to say thanks to all that own or ordered a Tesla. It matters to us that you took a risk on a new car company. We won't forget.
Hell of a week
Sad if true
Even though lease cost is lower, I recommend purchase, as buyer retains upside value of car vs lease where you have give it back to Tesla
Is that a line graph in your pocket or just happy to see me?
Absolutely
No, I said we should build more tunnels. Put trains in them or cars or whatever, but every large city on Earth is plagued by traffic ; its getting worse. Multi-level tunnels might solve this, so worth trying. If you have a better suggestion, please tell us what it is.
Thanks for the deep belly laugh
Its meant to be the same price in all countries. Only difference should be taxes ; shipping.
Good point. We will add that to all cars in one of the upcoming software releases.
I came to the US with no money ; graduated with over $100k in debt, despite scholarships ; working jobs while at school
Can order online in mins for home delivery ; return in days for full refund
Potentially
Merlin is very simple compared to Raptor
Yes
AF has placed launch on hold due to a boat entering the edge of the keep out zone. Scrambling helo to get them to move.
I wouldve been bankrupt too. Unlikely investors would have funded a second attempt.
Lane offset should be much better in V10.0
Trickier than it may seem on Mars, as atmospheric density is % that of Earth ; gravity is %, but doable for localized warming
So great to see the happy faces!
Certainly agree that it is first and foremost a triumph for humanity. The cheering is in good spirit.
There are subtle, important, differences between US ; Canada traffic rules, but FSD beta will be extended to Canada very soon
Just because he has a flamethrower and I have a flamethrower doesnt mean um ok fine Im Hank Scorpio
Sorry to hear this. What can we do to help?
My talk at TED with
That is true. Ludicrous mode is like having pure joy on tap. Nothing else (legal) will get you that.
Happy Thanksgiving to all! Hope you have a great day. Your support over the years is super appreciated
Dragon enters like a shooting star
Trust me, it will be
Tesla April company talk will be from our Giga New York factory, where we make SolarGlass ; several other products. Will also offer customer ; media tours.
Russian state TV threatens US with nuclear war, showing missile arc ; mushroom cloud images
Problem solved, was able to buy ! Game on
weeks
Forgot to mention the Mosquito, which was arguably the most innovative airframe design
Yes
Yeah, thats next after summon
No plans to introduce air suspension on Model at this time
Climate change explained in comic book form by xkcd
Yes, the flaps are now directly driven by electric motors with a gearbox! No more hydraulics.
Yup
Maybe Buffett should invest in Tesla haha
Reddit is massive, but def has gems
Yes
Tesla is filing a lawsuit against Alameda County immediately. The unelected ; ignorant Interim Health Officer of Alameda is acting contrary to the Governor, the President, our Constitutional freedoms ; just plain common sense!
Ok
Will look pretty wild with a ship on top
Likewise. I have attention *surplus* disorder haha.
Most people dont know that the Tesla Supercharger network allows easy long distance travel throughout USA, most of Europe, Canada and China
There is considerable conflation of diagnosis ; contraction of corona. Actual virality is much lower than it would seem. I think this will turn out to be comparable to other forms of influenza. World War Z it is not.
Solar
The fundamental operating principle is that prices, while they may change, will change for all equally ; should never be a function of bargaining. This is normal for most products, but weirdly not for the auto industry in most parts of the world.
months
Its an option
More details on day of launch, currently tracking to Wednesday
Yeah, the trick is opening ; closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
This require hardware
Congratulations ; on completing first crewed Dragon flight!! returned.
Definitely worth trying imo
And those are just the really big ones. The Permian was especially bad, unless you were a mushroom.
Were working through the general case of making Steam games work on a Tesla vs specific titles. Former is obviously where we should be long-term.
We have too much product complexity already
It does so constantly, but so smoothly that you cant tell
Me too. I hope to get back to regularly scheduled programming soon ...
Yeah, main story line is not that long. Played at max difficulty, no aim assist, so didnt softball it. Razor fight was insanely difficult.
Air quality has a much bigger effect on health than people realize. Credit to Larry Page for making me aware of this.
A lot, but you cant count on lines
Thats a white rose on my jacket ; the choker is a bunch of spikes, not Tesla anything
Yes. To be clear, Plaid powertrain is about a year away from production ; applies to S,X ; Roadster, but not or Y. Will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
You will be able to wrap it in any color or pattern
A third is under construction
Thanks Bill
Probably /3 chance of completing all mission objectives
Tesla Full Self-Driving option cost rises by ~$1000 worldwide on July st. Order a Tesla online in less than minutes at
There is a way for the Tesla Model S to be recharged throughout the country faster than you could fill a gas tank.
Explains
Tesla Megapack now available for utility-scale energy storage
Mailing Dragon dock with Space Station is much harder than docking with our own ship for refilling. Not a problem.
Election time will be interesting
a=F/m is the most fun
Haha true
Yes
I didnt start the fight, but I will finish it.
Yes, and it irony
Yeah, *way* better. Dramatically improves cost, complexity ; ease of operations. Distances of ~10,000 km with decent payload seem achievable at roughly Mach .
Starship will enable humanity to become a multiplanet species
Tesla is building a major engineering team in China, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory ; car
We are awaiting EU regulatory approval for this release
Apologies to those waiting for Solar/Powerwall outside California, as we are prioritizing those affected by wildfires
Current analysis, which Im not fully bought into, suggests that rear fins with separate airframe-mounted legs will be lighter, so this is the plan for Mk1/Mk2
Love that red. We tried every possible way to make red look D without floating a special red tint in primary gloss layer, but no way. We have to stop whole paint shop for red ; it looks like an episode of Dexter.
Sorry, its been a bit of a struggle. Software team has been working all weekend to resolve last minute issues. Hopefully starts rolling out tonight.
Wow, great writing!
Gonna have some sick attachments
Wario was my fav haha
to months after that
Grover Gardner rocks
of course
SX ; soon SX . Kind of a modern version of Inconel superalloys. High strength at temperature, extreme oxidation resistance. Needed for ~800 atmosphere, hot, oxygen-rich turbopump on Raptor rocket engine.
Sounds about right
Learning how to pour flaming absinthe over a tower of glasses in a Jerusalem speakeasy.
That would be tricky to sequence, but maybe
Thanks for letting us use your pool
Its all in the way you say it
About to do chocolate egg hunt with all the kids. Candy bonanza! Happy Easter!
Fairing halves recovered
I love the Internet. Comments had me literally ROFL. No, it wasn't intentional. Glad I didn't mention the other letter!
Tesla Germany designed ; built the vaccine RNA printers for CureVac, but, subject to some CureVac IP, they could be made for other companies too
When Eberhard was fired from the Tesla CEO role in mid for providing false information to me ; the board, no one left with him. That says it all.
Or at least the option for verification, so that the public can ascribe more credibility to verified vs unverified accounts
Once an Onion, now a Rose
Just sent some
Just an ordinary snail
Getting there
That is correct. It was about innovation.
Naughty by Nature
Yes
Well-said, Dr Aldrin!
Tesla US business leasing program went live today
Activating engine two
Recommended for sure. Both movies are incredible.
Congratulations Kathy!
Munro understands
First draft animation of the Falcon Heavy three core launch. FH is twice the thrust of the next
mins to Dragon loss of signal due to atmospheric entry plasma
I def believe in the ethical treatment of animals ; taking action of climate, but these are mostly separate moral issues
Watchtower (feat. knight) will be at LA/Hawthorne tunnel entrance
Definitely
Over Tesla Smart Summon uses in first few days!
already there
th Raptor engine coming soon
Coming soon
That will be tied to deliveries of the first production cars in July
Lithium is extremely common on Earth. Found almost everywhere.
Engineering ftw
This is silly. If adding lanes actually did make it worse, that would imply removing lanes makes it better. Obv not true.
If youre curious about Tesla, SpaceX ; my general goings on, is writing a biography
Thanks Mom!!!
Would love to. Its been too long.
Nods
US automotive deaths rose % to in first half of , approx every million miles
This is misleading to the public
I have over the years
Sure. Have to do it on Mars from beginning. Will ultimately do that on Earth too, so rocket flights will be zero net carbon long-term.
Yeah, Boring Bricks are def coming, but whole team is focused on getting Vegas Convention Center tunnel operational so people can try it out, suggest improvements, etc. I crowdsourcing ideas with people who really care about making great products!
Good technical analysis
Agreed. This has been broken for a long time.
Also, lease price improvement is due to US Bank deal. It is *not* a discount. Revenue to Tesla is unchanged.
Consequences of population implosion greatly underestimated. Upside down demographic pyramid can't support social services.
Will be sentient, of course
The muskrat is like a beaver with small ideas, but it has a certain quiet dignity
Tesla P100D put to the test by Drag Times
That is our purpose
Dogecoin is the peoples crypto
Exactly
Ethereum
We rewrote all labeling software for D. Very different from labeling single photos. Dojo wont contribute for about a year. Its mostly a generalized NN training computer, but benchmark were tracking is frames/second. Must beat next gen GPU/TPU clusters or its pointless.
Congrats!
Except for complaining. That has remained constant throughout history at /100.
Response to a Mercury News article about an injury on our premises
That funding round completed pm on Christmas Eve in . Last hour of last day possible, as investors were leaving town that night ; we were days away from bankruptcy. I put in all money I had, didnt own a house ; had to borrow money from friends to pay rent. Difficult time.
Model X sketch showing just a bit more leg. Unveiling tonight...
Tbh, I was into PC ; still into PC
Much will likely go wrong on st mission. Also, more launches of sats needed for minor coverage, for moderate.
This non-Autopilot graph is not correct, as it includes Autopilot always-on accident avoidance features
Yes
Yes haha, we will soon be short of short shorts
Except for the tweet about large amounts of crack (actually just small amounts)
Mars is easier than the moon for propellant production. Could get going with only one ship, where the ship itself is the propellant plant. Needs to make ~2 tons/day.
The Universe is a Hydrogen Sonata
I believe so
Yes
Not true. Email from customer.
Thruster pod tank pressure trending positive. Preparing to deploy solar arrays.
Life should be lived
Dont jump to intubation. Dr Caputo
He was awesome. I squared R heating is why room temp superconductors arent needed to carry power long distances efficiently. Just jack up voltage.
Tesla Superchargers ; service centers coming to Kazakhstan this year
, probably ; then maybe . Significant architecture changes in .
won't affect performance
Were working with EU regulators to improve rules. Spirit of rules is correct, but exact language doesnt quite align with spirit. Navigate on Autopilot working well in rest of world.
It does actually generate lift in hypersonic regime, which is important to limit peak heating
Progress is accelerating
Best group on FB by far
Trouble!
Obviously needed
Were working on enabling public access to our restaurant!
Yeah, probably a year from now. S will still win on acceleration though, due to having more space for a larger battery.
All input is error. When is the fan speed wrong?
One of many reasons why we need larger ; more advanced rockets!
Touch
No, but you make some great points. Important to note that irons cost advantage is partly offset by increased pack mass, so the fully considered cost is closer to nickel. That said, iron alleviates much of the scaling problem.
Yes
Sounds like a good book
View from SpaceX Launch Control. Apparently, there is a car in orbit around Earth.
Sounds good, I look forward to talking later today
The Ass Blade of Vengeance!
Definitely! Its amazing that the RD-170 ; RD-180 engines held the record for so many decades. Excellent engineering.
Bravo Texas!
True
Haha
Model S on Nrburgring next week
I have the t-shirt
Conceptual telepathy
Walked full length of Boring Co tunnel under LA tonight. Disturbingly long. On track for opening party Dec . Will be very one-dimensional.
Youd think theyd at least be Wikipedia-level informed about ventilators! It clearly articulates the difference between invasive ; non-invasive. Its very misleading to the public to claim that only the invasive type are real ventilators.
Aborted on ignition timing due to slow ground side valve. Adjusting ignition sequence by secs for next attempt.
Obv
Three cable elevator on a crane. Wind force on Mars is low, so don't need to worry about being blown around.
Hanging out with before the moon mission announcement
This is why its possible for Tesla to have a million robotaxis by end of if we upgrade existing HW2 fleet of ~500k ; make at least ~500k FSD cars
Uh, this is Twitter. How many characters do you want?
Congratulations to China on the successful launch of the LM heavy lift rocket!
Yup
Absolutely agree, you should be allowed to move your Tesla anywhere in the world, unless its prevented by government rules. Thanks for letting me know.
(muffled titter)
Probably technically able to do so in about a year. Then up to regulators.
US national debt is ~$28,900 billion or ~$229k per taxpayer. Even taxing all billionaires at % would only make a small dent in that number, so obviously the rest must come from the general public. This is basic math. Spending is the real problem.
Ok
See ya in
Btw, want to thank both Bosch and MobilEye for their help and support in making Autopilot better. Please direct all criticism at Tesla.
Absolutely, but to move to Mk3 design. This had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
They appear to have some room for improvement
No, you were misleading mostly on your own, but w many copycats. Jalopnik just lost it's sense of irony ; didn't get my tweet.
The high bay is measured to fit!
Youre most welcome! Very thoughtful questions.
It will blow ur mind haha
maybe i will
Were creating this alloy at Tesla. Not a problem to create a lot of it, but well need to come up with new body manufacturing methods, as it cant be made using standard methods.
Trouble!
Beta releasing Friday next week to all cars with /100 safety score
We were too obtuse for our own good, although I think it works esthetically. Those are folded-over current collectors at the top/bottom of the cell, which are important, but I dont want to jump the gun on Sept
Whole beer keg fits in Model trunk!
We can either give up hope ; sit in traffic hell forever or try something new. The odds of success may be low, but they're better than zero.
No problem
Ok
SpaceX could do it if need be
I hope theyre able to achieve high production ; breakeven cash flow. That is the true test. There have been hundreds of automotive startups, both electric ; combustion, but Tesla is only American carmaker to reach high volume production ; positive cash flow in past years.
Both and buttons in V10.0
The art In Cyberpunk is incredible
Yes, provided no metal particles in paint
Teslas automatically maintain their internal temperature to within safe limits in case a pet or child is left in the car
Giant gap between experimental medical device for use only in patients with extreme medical problems ; widespread consumer use. This is way harder than making a small number of prototypes.
Great idea!
True
Support for humanitys future in space is super appreciated. Lets make the sci-fi future we want real!
Order online in mins, day return policy
Yes
Lasers can do anything
Yeah definitely
naturally
Helps improve forward crumple zone length, especially important in high speed frontal impacts, and moments of inertia in side impacts
Important warning: Starlink is the only non-Russian communications system still working in some parts of Ukraine, so probability of being targeted is high. Please use with caution.
Try playing Polytopia in your Tesla! Great game. Multiplayer online version coming soon.
Iran's nuclear weapons facility is apparently called "Frodo". Watch out for Gollum! My precious...
We need to achieve k/week with Model before adding complexity that would inhibit production ramp
Moon mission will be livestreamed in high def VR, so itll feel like youre there in real-time minus a few seconds for speed of light
With extreme effort, Cybertruck might hit a drag coefficient, which would be insane for a truck. Requires tweaking many small details.
thanks, that's a great idea. I think we can do that.
FAA inspector unable to reach Starbase in time for launch today. Postponed to no earlier than tomorrow.
Best definition of innovation Ive ever heard
Dragon will travel from south of New Zealand to Florida in ~37 minutes
Haha v true
Version is about a year away
There are many pieces to the puzzle
Beyond awesome. He was the real deal.
Incorrect. Pana cell lines at Giga are only at ~24GWh/yr ; have been a constraint on Model output since July. No choice but to use other suppliers for Powerwall/Powerpack cells. Tesla wont spend money on more capacity until existing lines get closer to GWh theoretical.
Im in LA working with the SpaceX team building the kid mini-sub
Ok
Seems so long ago
Good point
Firmware fix to recalibrate heat pump expansion valve is rolling out now
These are all things I've said before and are naturally needed to improve in-market affordability, so no real news here.
Its either traffic forever or tunnels. Try our first operational tunnel in Vegas at the convention center! The city just approved a full tunnel network, connecting major hotels, convention center ; airport.
Just looked at my wiki for st time in years. Its insane! Btw, can someone please delete investor. I do basically zero investing.
Come see the Apple Cloth
Last night's Tesla Powerwall and Powerpack unveiling
Gasoline is designed to burn
Mk1 ship is around tons dry ; tons wet, but aiming for by Mk4 or Mk5. Total stack mass with max payload is tons.
Yes
Fair point. Coming soon. Were making foundational upgrades to the core Tesla corporate OS. FA right after that.
True
We are a mobile cell colony
Im in the Boca control room. Hop attempt in ~33 minutes.
Pot kettle
Yeah, Atlantic weather review tomorrow morning will determine if we can launch
You have so many great pics ; factoids!
Later in life Bakunin is underappreciated
In-house
LIDAR is a seductive local maximum. SpaceX designed ; built them to dock with ISS. However, the road system was designed to work with biological neural nets ; eyes, so a general solution to self-driving necessarily will require silicon neural nets ; cameras. Real-world AI.
Then whats this wand for?
For engine config, are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
Tesla will def absorb SolarCity debt. Altho extremely unlikely, I would pay it personally if need be. Debts must be honored.
True
Yes
I agree. Speed of light is a point in favor of the sim.
So true
Its pretty much the only theory. This will mess with your mind:
No, in the beginning, assuming you even make it there alive, Mars will be far more dangerous ; difficult than Earth ; take decades of hard labor to make self-sufficient. Thats the sales pitch. Want to go?
True
Numbers I was told from Wuhan were % to % mortality rate for invasive ventilators. Those are not good odds.
Still cant believe how hard it was to get !
Tesla software team is excellent even when compared to the best software companies. This is a big deal, as cars are very much computers on wheels.
The beauty of physics (truth)
In some of those, Im even funny
I think real
Yes
Probably every to months, depending on how much progress we make
Probably have slots for up to engines, but can decontent as needed. Starship update after Hopper hover.
Right now, it takes about mins to set up, but, with future improvements, probably less than mins. No technical knowledge needed. Just point at open sky ; plug in!
Tesla Bioweapon Defense Mode
We will post finer-grained details of software improvements going forward
Would also like to thank for allowing us to use their long range comm system for Dragon in free drift.
Haha
Switching to renewables with batteries would avoid blackouts. Batteries are essential, due to the intermittent nature of renewables.
Take note
Our giant auto co competitors have much greater access to incentives than Tesla, which means Tesla has prospered in spite of govt subsidies, not because of them. Tesla mkt cap has *risen* over time as EV incentives declined. How strange
Lets find out just how live Saturday Night Live really is
I havent read the book, but Sonis questions were incredibly insightful ; his attention to detail was superlative
is relativistic side effect of
A wheel of cheese
Please check your facts. Tesla and SpaceX joined as soon as we received the filing, which was Monday.
Tesla holiday software update has FSD sneak preview, Stardew Valley, Lost Backgammon ; a few other things
It is, however, important to clear up the difference between "space" and "orbit", as described well by
The medium is the message
Weird that so many troll/bot accounts were activated to attack on this fake issue. Wonder whos behind it.
One day we will fly you on Starship
Here come the shorty apologists Give them no respect Get Shorty
Yes
Exactly. Also, you cant actually use computation from a separate GPU effectively, as you get choked on the bus, so most of the computation is irrelevant. High power, high cooling, but low true, usable TOPS. Worst of all worlds.
To a dyslexic agnostic, there is no
Alter falter! Dankeschn Nrburgring, Tesla wird geerht.
Yeah, thats a great one
Better to be in the Model X
Haha exactly!
Maybe melted an engine preburner or fuel hot gas manifold. Whatever it is caused pneumatics loss. We need to design out this problem.
Many powerful electric motors ; batteries. Force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. More about this on the th.
Should we believe things proportionate to the evidence that they are true? (yes)
Turning recirc off, windows closed and the right film on rear glass usually works. Am asking HVAC engineering to investigate.
Giant high bay coming soon
Not connecting Tesla cars to Starlink, as our terminal is much too big. This is for aircraft, ships, large trucks ; RVs.
Another SpaceX launch today if weather is good
. Model S works great in cold. Highest sales/capita are in Norway and we have a ton of customers in Canada.
Generates a *lot* of energy
Absolutely
We are still closing stores, just not as many as before. This basically splits the difference about half as many stores closed, but then can afford only about half the price reduction. Was discussed with exec team ; board.
Cool, were both born days after /20 haha
Got more great feedback from Thailand. Primary path is basically a tiny, kid-size submarine using the liquid oxygen transfer tube of Falcon rocket as hull. Light enough to be carried by divers, small enough to get through narrow gaps. Extremely robust.
Sounds about right for autonomous cars. Optimus will greatly exceed this. The economy will be as big as people want it to be. There will be no scarcity, except that which is artificially created.
No, the whole referral incentive system will end
Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me
Its a generational thing
Yes
Starship orbital vehicle SN1, liquid oxygen header tank ; nosecone
Also fake Soundcloud rapper
Sorry about that. You're right. I was depressing myself too
Actually, I stole it from my secret meme dealer
Kids these days have no respect!
Sure
Would like to thank Robyn for joining the team. Great respect. Very much look forward to working together.
Cybertruck is intentionally an insane technology bandwagon
ramen is sooo good
There are type of people: those who understand binary ; those who dont. And those who werent expecting a ternary joke.
Urgent need to build more housing in greater Austin area!
Le Petit Prince
Might just catch the ship with the launch tower, same as booster
One day, there will be a little racing game in the racing game in the car
The Model X unveiling will be webcast live on at pm on Feb th. Most cars are pretty blah. This is not.
Saudi Arabia owns /3 of Lucid, so inevitable
Production release update coming this week, which includes raising max speed to mph. Sorry, mph limit was done as precautionary measure. Turned out to be unnecessary.
Jay rocks!
Falcon Heavy to launch next month from Apollo pad at the Cape. Will have double thrust of next largest rocket. Guaranteed to be exciting, one way or another.
Seeing some issues with , so rolling back to temporarily. Please note, this is to be expected with beta software. It is impossible to test all hardware configs in all conditions with internal QA, hence public beta.
Interesting payload number
Good to see you ; at Starbase
lol
Ms. Chief ; Ms. Tree
Testing operation of hypersonic grid fins (x-wing config) going on next flight
Ok
CleanTechnica summarizes new print cover story
If your war technology level is far higher than your opponent, tactics dont matter: source_not_found
View of SpaceX Dragon berthed with in the last Cupola opening. Dragon (Crew Dragon) launching soon.
Based on our data, Autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
I was simply too sexy for it
People talk about the products they *love*, that touch their heart ; bring moments of joy
Fate loves irony, but hates hypocrisy
I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.
Deep Rain neural net coming soon. Were not trademarking any other Autopilot neural nets, just this one, because rain is deep.
Well, at least the pieces were bigger this time! Won't be last RUD, but am optimistic about upcoming ship landing.
If you bombard Earth with enough photons, eventually it emits a Tesla (AK)
In Earth years
Effectively throttles via tight impulse width control ; hundreds of small firings
CB radios are free from govt/media control
Nine years later
Yes
And, uhh no (zillionth person who asked), I am not going to make an IM suit, however design by hand-manipulated hologram is actually useful.
If you navigate to Supercharger, car will warm up battery en route, so you start immediately at max power
True
Spatial ; temporal memory are improving, so there will be less flicker
For real
Last year, Japan had ~800k births ; life expectancy is years (impressively high!), implying future population of only M, dropping almost half from current population of M. Thats a lot of ghost towns ; cities.
Harbinger battle on L is tough
Based on our data, Autopilot miles appear to be twice as safe as manually driven miles, and we expect this to improve further
Certain regulatory agencies would beg to differ
Me too!
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials
Lo Que Construimos
Will post video of a Tesla navigating a complex urban environment shortly. That was what took the extra couple of days.
Kong vs Godzilla has record for most meth ever consumed in a writers room
Fermi was awesome. He understood the right questions to ask.
Can't delay any longer. Must proceed with primary mission to launch the Deep Space Climate Observatory spacecraft.
Falcon is almost always at max capacity. When it has spare performance, it flies back to land, which costs much less than using a droneship. Our fundamental constraint is mass to orbit per unit time. Last year, SpaceX launched roughly double payload mass of rest of world.
But, essentially, the spinning things
Science
I think some of them should combine forces. Talent is spread too thin.
Interesting read
Accounts that unequivocally advocate harassment should be suspended with warning, then shut down if repeated
Might arrive by June, but def before end of summer
Mars City Opposite of Earth. Dawn and dusk sky are blue on Mars and day sky is red.
OpenAI should be more open imo
Reasons for ocean landing are technical, not economic. Orbit requires extreme horizontal velocity. Getting to space needs none.
Upcoming flight already has % more hydraulic fluid, so should have plenty of margin for landing attempt next month.
Indeed, Loki is quiet good
But ya know what, lets test that theory. Maybe we do want UAW back, even tho UAW betrayed us years ago ; left us here to rot. Maybe we want UAW back even tho injury rate today is /2 what it was with them ; wages were lower. Maybe. Lets hold a vote ; find out.
True
Exactly
Dont want to brag or anything, but that happens to me sometimes
As mentioned earlier this year, cost of the Tesla FSD option will increase every few months. Those who buy it earlier will see the benefit.
Yeah, will probably publish an update in six weeks or so
Congrats SpaceX tower team ; supporting contractors!
Because of the large footprint, it may seem flat, but actually ranges up to stories tall
Im excited to work with Silver Lake and Goldman Sachs as financial advisors, plus Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen ; Katz and Munger, Tolles ; Olson as legal advisors, on the proposal to take Tesla private
you can mount a rack to the roof via suction cups and still have one Falcon door work fine. Guaranteed up to mph.
Low occlusion gates are challenging, but should be fixed soon
Raptor cost is tracking to well under $1M for V1.0. Goal is &lt;$250k for V2.0 is a ton thrust-optimized engine, ie &lt;$1000/ton
Yes
True, no one is perfect
A Neuralink could increase this by several orders of magnitude
I am actually going to do this
Current analysis, which Im not fully bought into, suggests that rear fins with separate airframe-mounted legs will be lighter, so this is the plan for Mk1/Mk2
Docking with Space Station now likely to happen in April. Hopefully will look something like this:
Happy Easter! Follow the
Sum &gt; parts
Coming soon
Now *this* is what youd call pointy!
Haha true
Read
Earth floats gently in zero gravity
Shaped like a diamond ; aligned on true north
Thanks Woz! ": Here to pick up my new car! (at w/ others)"
Greenspan is crackers, bananas, barky ; ten cards short of a full deck
Great episode
Long time
Pitch control requires more force than yaw ; much more force than roll. Also, grid fins closer to or in the wake of the booster are less effective. However, pretty good aero control can technically be achieved with only grid fins, with some effect on accuracy.
Clearly a sign of the apocalypse!
Design is easy, production is hard
Havent heard that name in years
Will be simpler than IPv6 and have tiny packet overhead. Definitely peer-to-peer.
Yeah. Although, if it fails right at the end, some landing pad repair will be needed to fill in the crater.
Shareholders could either to sell at or hold shares ; go private
Neither I nor the company are selling shares. Even if we were, I wouldn't do this. It would be wrong. Our long term results are what matter.
Will try it
all
I will eat a happy meal on tv if accepts Dogecoin
The FOIA on this will be solid gold. Cant wait.
I kinda like avocado toast ; pro level coffee tbh Starbase cuisine does an amazing job with those.
Yeah, Starlink should be active by then
Model S can seat adults, two kids and has a front trunk for luggage. Might work for you.
He is a mind virus for fools
Tesla makes the RNA Bioreactor that can make vaccines / cures. CureVac has version in use. Version is under development.
Good school
When sheets come loose all dignity is lost
Those who would deny climate change should ask themselves what happens if they are wrong
expansion ratio. You can a little bit of flow separation towards the end of the nozzle.
Anarcho-syndicalism FTW!!
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost
Sarah should be in contact with you soon about doing a benchmark test
The fires are all too real
Yes
Roughly
So big you cant believe it
About a year ago, I asked Doug to manage both engineering ; production. He agreed that Tesla needed eng ; prod better aligned, so we dont design cars that are crazy hard to build. Right now, tho, better to divide ; conquer, so Im back to sleeping at factory. Car biz is hell
That's all we can say with confidence right now. Will have more to say following a thorough fault tree analysis.
Fully reusable rockets want high T/W to minimize $/ton to orbit, because propellant cost actually matters
Turns out MCT can go well beyond Mars, so will need a new name
Considering
Probably or with an optimized tanker, although filling up the ship in orbit isnt required for Mars, so is possible
Someone is paying for hundreds of bots ; trolls to push this lame Vanity Fair photobomb pic. I wonder who
Sounds good, we will send one over
I hear versions of this often irl
Also, cars are called automobiles
Yes, all cars with Autopilot or higher, so ~400,000 of Tesla cars built to date
Not true. The amount of graphite in our car is small, comes from Japan and is mined in a very clean way.
A Model order gives you priority in your geography, so, even tho total count is high, ordering early will make a big difference locally.
Thanks! Yeah, thats pretty close.
Brain is full right now and that's a hard one
Yes
Its not that these things cant be done, they just absorb a lot of software engineering time, which has great opportunity cost. There are very few excellent software engineers ; merely increasing team size results in awful bloatware.
Exactly
New Tesla referral program just released
Yes, but its too secret
Plaid Model S ; X are sublime
Whoa cool
Yes, hardware-in-the-loop testing of software is essential
Coming soon. Version at latest.
Destacking Starship
Yeah, don't exactly need to be Sherlock Holmes.
Yeah, probably in a few months
A few months
Second flight of Falcon -R. m, hover and land (with cows)
This old YouTube clip helps explain why former UAW members who work at Tesla are not huge fans of UAW
Good point. Next major software rev will do much better with automating wipers, seat heating ; defrost. Probable seat settings just based on occupant mass distribution should be possible.
The final configuration used at Nrburgring to set the record will go into production around summer , so this is not merely for the track
Nice
Maybe they are NPCs and Tesla just isnt in their dialogue tree?
Think once, Tweet twice [do it]
Rocket engines are healthy, but cleaning turbopump gas generators will take another day. Aiming for Mon eve launch.
define beauty
Probably around or pm
Trees are net consumers of CO2, so technically we would pay them money
Dogs rock
Yeah, George is a little nuts, but I like him ; he often has interesting things to say
I see where Frank Herbert got some of his ideas
Love you too!
FWIW, based on calcs I did years ago, cross-over point for Li-ion beating kerosene is ~400 Wh/kg. High cycle batteries are just over Wh/kg today, but probably exceed in ~5 years.
Will be there in next release
We just got approval to open a new Supercharger station in Malibu!
Doge has dogs ; memes, whereas the others do not
August th, either at Cape Canaveral or Boca Chica
Haha
Woketopia. Battle for the Moral High Ground in this new game!
Youre welcome, bad fiction writer
Starship is a hard problem
Yes. Technically Model or maybe three horizontal bars. Won't be three vertical bars.
We are very tiny
Value is holding up "Tesla car is worth more used than new | MNN - "
Yes, you can upgrade hardware, although we also wrote software to accelerate rendering on old MCU. Coming out soon ; makes a big diff.
You can deep throttle on single shaft system by choking flow of fuel or oxygen between pump ; combustion chamber. Problem is more with the tiny rocket engine that powers the pump, called a gas generator. That has to throttle *way* deeper than the main chamber.
Today is Nikola Tesla's birthday. I hope he likes what we've done in his name.
Our biggest limitation with Fremont is convincing enough associates to build cars when they have so many other job opportunities in the Bay Area! Thanks again Tesla team for doing the hard work of building real products that people love
Ars Technica
That was a real sign
Will be converted to Raptor vertical test stand
Thanks for the cool suggestions More fun coming to your Tesla soon!
Fixing several minor bugs ; a regression in highway driving, so probably early to mid next week
If youre directly affected by wildfire power outages, Tesla is reducing Solar+Powerwall prices by $1000 as of today
Not sure. Will check with my team.
Good thread
Prob wise to add an air tank (butt end fwd to take impacts) in nose of pod ; vent valve in rear. Set air tank to slow bleed rate, then no need for SCUBA mouthpiece or regulator. Training unnecessary ; less susceptible to panic attack.
Some challenges with high winds. Looks like Sunday for static fire.
tough
yay! Always happy to make others happy
Wings/flaps ; leg design changing again (sigh). Doesnt affect schedule much though.
Yeah, unfortunately this is becoming a security issue
Tesla insurance calculator will show status in real-time ; tell you what actions are needed to be rated good driver
There are way easier places to work, but nobody ever changed the world on hours a week
Close
Biden is a UAW puppet
I am not. This bill changes almost nothing about what NASA is doing. Existing programs stay in place and there is no added funding for Mars.
Yes, demographics, stratified by age, will look like an upside down pyramid with many old people ; fewer young
Pretty much
Starship legs are one of the hardest problems. Externally mounted legs require shielding, which adds mass. Wider stance adds mass. Shock absorbers add mass. That said, we need better legs.
That wont work for our auto parts suppliers, so, no, our US factory cant stay open
Didnt like it
No, as range would be unacceptably low (&lt; mile EPA)
But we call it caraoke, because its in a
Exactly! I love Twitter.
Model S drives from San Francisco to Los Angeles without recharging
Yes
We must safeguard the future of life by transitioning to sustainable energy on Earth ; becoming multiplanetary via Mars. Its not clear how much time we have to do these things, but sooner is definitely better.
Absolutely
It will hopefully achieve sustained cycle time of seconds. At % uptime over an average week, thats ~10k/week if run /7.
Dragon is stable in the water
First, the cheese. Then, the mouse.
And were definitely going to have a pod bay door override button. Lesson learned.
Only if Doge cant do it. Big pain in the neck to create another one.
Yes
Sigh
Shopify is great too. SpaceX used them.
Thanks Bob! He is a tough critic.
The media
Visualization will tone down significantly for production. These are intentionally strident colors.
Prof Dahn is correct (hes great), but the relative benefit is small. Id recommend % more SoC for convenience.
hat aficionados, in appreciation for their exquisite taste in millinery, will be picked at random to tour the LA tunnel ; drive boring machine
Variable gain (steer by wire) yoke would be ideal
Now I want candy
Plus crypto scams haha
Sunday morning: to bake or not to bake cookies -- that is not even a question. Definitely bake.
in
Good question. Will consider thoughtful response.
Using the config you describe, plus an electric pump to replenish air in COPV, when car power draw drops below max pack power output, makes sense. But we are going to go a lot further.
Definitely. All major highways in Texas will have Superchargers, all the way to Brownsville ; across Mexico.
Thanks!
FEAR with modern graphics ; sound would rock
The multi-coat colors (pearl white ; red) are hardest, red especially, as it has red tint in the clear coat layer itself for depth ; complexity
yes
Flight of Falcon was good. All six ORBCOMM satellites deployed on target.
Feel exactly the same way as A.O. Scott. Particularly loved The Spy Who Loved Me
You're most welcome. Very exciting to discuss the future of electricity. Renewables + storage arguably biggest disruption since DC to AC.
Adding the rear moving fins to Starship Mk1 in Boca Chica, Texas
Most likely. It is programmed to do so.
Congratulations! What an amazing track record of success with Mars!
For sure
For sure!
Hey thats my Halloween costume!
If you scare people enough, they will demand removal of freedom. This is the path to tyranny.
Zork with AI dungeon master
If all looks good, HW2 Autopilot functionality will switch from shadow to active mode by end of week for cars beyond initial
Haha true
What could possibly go wrong?
Indeed! Tweets definitely do not represent real-world time allocation.
More than that now, but &lt;10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
No surprise
Exactly
Am excited to announce that SolarCity has filed for an IPO. Mission is to bring affordable solar power to the people!
Of course!
Seriously, were getting eaten alive. Cant get to Mars if the bugs eat us first.
Almost there. We are just being very careful with the rollout.
Better video coming soon, but it would look a bit like this:
About miles away and the spacecraft is now in direct communication with the Space Station
Not sure. Theyre pretty close together.
Much more interesting
Ich mchte mich recht herzlich bedanken. Die Zukunft ist sehr spannend!
Coming
Ok, what are some good ones? Will have to meter these out. Hopefully, kids can't die from groaning too much.
martians911
Will do
I hate whole idea of brands and branding. So much bs. I hope it messes with our brand. Brands suck.
Starlink satellites active moving to operational orbits Laser links activate soon
Tesla Service Centers ; a lot more Superchargers coming to Poland later this year
And in the darkness bind them
Somewhere between % ; %
We poured our heart ; soul into it. Lot of hubris too, but no regrets. Faberg egg of cars.
I suspect many besides SpaceX will livestream these flights. Wont be subtle.
Battery industry is world champion at bs. Lithium-ion doesnt really mean anything. What matters is cathode ; anode material. There are many choices, but nickel cathode with carbon-silicon anode works great.
Matte black was surprisingly popular. Probably makes sense to bring it to production.
Minecraft
That's pretty much why we did it
Yeah, and several others at various times. My twitter list is trimmed down to almost all news/comedy these days.
Thanks!
Norway
People often think theyre breathing oxygen, but are actually breathing nitrogen (78%) with a side serving of oxygen (21%) in argon sauce (1%), spiced up with CO2, H2O ; a dash of neon ; krypton (etc.)
Ok
Headline ; article is misleading. I said it won't be retracted (ie withdrawn by Pres). It may be revoked by judicial or legislative means.
In ~2 years, summon should work anywhere connected by land ; not blocked by borders, eg you're in LA and the car is in NY
Exactly
Mimecraft
now wouldn't that be interesting
Thanks! : Have driven a Tesla Model S miles now. It's clearly the iPhone of carsby far the best car ever made."
Yeah
What esthetic and functionality improvements would you like to see in the UI overhaul? Or new features entirely?
Yes
Haha
Creating the city of Starbase, Texas
Several finesse improvements coming to Smart Summon in coming weeks. Will be smooth as silk.
Nothing matters
Improved fan speed algorithm coming soon. Doesn't need to be so loud.
Yes
Pattern on the Starlink router is orbital transfer ellipse from Earth to Mars
Launch abort on slightly conservative high thrust limit. Increasing thrust limit ; recycling propellant for another flight attempt today.
What are your favorites?
Precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
Hes actually a lobbyist, not a journalist. There are many who pose as the latter while behaving like the former. No integrity. Indeed, there were no safety issues. The car simply slowed to ~2 mph ; continued forward if clear view with no cars or pedestrians.
Probably two weeks
Model X Bioweapon Defense Mode definitely filters viruses btw, even the small ones. Has hospital operating room level filtering.
A little, but this is mostly a design update for those interested
Goal is for unsubsidized solar power to cost less than grid electricity from coal or fracked gas
Yes, upper stage venting of liquid oxygen created a fast moving fuzzy white sphere in space over SA
We didnt even have kids back then. Just little sponges.
Of course
Naturally Ramanujan
We will understand the next question
I'm not coming for anything. Just digging some tunnels and might draw a vacuum on some of them.
F9 LEO payload on capabilities page (correct figure on main page) should be kg
Somethings messed up about medicine thats anti-science. In science, you question everyone, no matter who they are. Facts ; reasoning are everything, but in medicine too much emphasis is on credentials, often by people whove accomplished nothing but a PhD thesis used by no one.
April st
That number sure comes up a lot
What has become absolutely clear is that the plethora of self-driving corner cases can only be solved with real-world optical intelligence. This is how humans designed the road system to work. Once you have that in silicon form, everything else is just icing on the cake.
That is actual footage
Rococo Basilisk
Yes, coming soon
Oberth effect is not well appreciated. Value of high thrust low in gravity well is not captured in simple delta-v equation. One of the reasons we favor CH4 over H2.
Its not a big deal. Charge to % to % ; youll be fine. At % state of charge, regen braking doesnt work, because the battery is full, so car is less energy efficient.
Congrats on driving a Tesla from LA to NY in just over two days!
New Roadster and X will come later
I think Ive paid for a subscription at least three times, but your paywall keeps forgetting this
Dune. The spice must flow.
Next month
Testing separation of F9 rocket fairing (can hold a city bus) in world's largest vacuum chamber
Sure, although ventilator companies definitely know how to make ventilators. Just a spike in demand right now. Also, using CPAP machines for less severe cases ; using one ventilator for several patients seem like good moves to meet short-term demand.
Haha
Sigh
V9 moving to wide release now. Holding back Autopilot drive on navigation for a few more weeks of validation. Extremely difficult to achieve a general solution for self-driving that works well everywhere.
Will communicate better in the future. Too many people want us to fail and are willing to twist any bit of news against Tesla.
Life is good
Probably to months
India commits to sell only electric cars by . It is already the largest market for solar power.
All hardware is at the Cape. Need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. Launch probably late Nov / early Dec.
We arent cutting the price of Model to $25k. I was referring to a future car that will be smaller than Model .
Berlin will use cell with structural battery pack ; front ; rear single piece castings. Also, a new paint system. Lot of new technology will happen in Berlin, which means significant production risk. Fremont ; Shanghai will transition in ~2 years when new tech is proven.
Was thinking of offering an extended Tesla factory tour option where you could help build part of a car ; understand how they come together. I know it would have been super fun for me when I was a kid (or now).
Im told import duties are extremely high (up to %), even for electric cars. This would make our cars unaffordable.
Boring Co is completing its first commercial tunnel in Vegas, going from Convention Center to Strip, then will work on other projects
Worth seeing by . Make sure to plan for a meal afterwards!
Yes, this will, if all goes well, be the first commercial spaceship to dock with the Space Station. T zero ~ end of April.
Intentionally so
Stacking fairing ; tanks soon, then adding control fins, engines ; landing gear
True (sigh)
Hell of a wig collection too
Maybe *I* just love irony haha
Whatever happens today, we could not have done it without , but errors are ours alone and me most of all.
For sure moon st, as its only days away ; u dont need interplanetary orbital synchronization
Sigh
The resolution of reality
Laws are on one side, poets on the other
I always like going South; somehow, it feels like going downhill.
Kinda true
Buoyancy adjusted by strapping diver weight belts around body of capsule. Theyre prevented from sliding off by the diver handhold attachments.
Good idea
Good article
Were opening a lot of Tesla service centers next year, including Knoxville. Tesla will post upcoming city opening map this week.
For sure, and it keeps you warm at the same time
Would be good to look up electricity rates by location ; optimize cost automatically
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May for those unable to order by May
Model review by Unbox ... via
Sure
No plans to change kWh pack tech. You'll never worry about running out of range. Model pack is about cost reduction, not performance.
Launch in ~1.5 hours if weather clears. Lightning tower struck earlier, but no effect on rocket or satellite
Designed to feel much bigger on inside than it looks on outside. An incredibly important principle.
Yes
Thanks Tesla China team, China Customs Authority ; LAX customs for acting so swiftly
Good thing you didnt ask about the Freezegun ...
Focus on making products ; services people truly love, so that the total economic pie is bigger, instead of engaging in zero-sum/negative-sum corporate power struggles. This is the good future.
Wow, years ago
Would I really let someone get away with using my name all this time?
No but srsly dont do it
Not sure who wrote this, but its accurate
Most people have no idea Starship exists or how large this beast is! Body diameter (9m or ft) is bigger than a or A380. Starship thrust ; mass are more than double Saturn V moon rocket. Making life multiplanetary means massive rockets. Got to be done.
Sorry it took so long!
For sure. It fundamentally improves quality of life.
Great differences in technology exist in the world about which even hardcore technologists are unaware
Investor support is confirmed. Only reason why this is not certain is that its contingent on a shareholder vote.
However, that was not what prevented it being good. Touchdown speed was ok, but a leg lockout didn't latch, so it tipped over after landing.
Truth
Sure hope so!
Sigh
Verified should be far more widespread, simply that someone is who they claim to be
UAW doesnt have % of signatures (about people) needed for a vote. They cant even muster enough people for a free bbq. Instead, theyre getting paid trolls ; far left shills to trash Tesla ; me in press ; social media. Such creeps.
Tesla's approach to building an autonomy platform is focused on high compute efficiency machine learning. Primarily vision w radar ; sonar.
Droneship "Of Course I Still Love You" just before it left port
Sea level Raptors vacuum Isp is ~350 sec, but ~380 sec with larger vacuum-optimized nozzle
Probably
Sorry!
Something like this is the best way to do it. Incent outcome, not path.
Exactly
Exactly
Landing leg frame
Excessive shades of grey
Thanks Phil
Cool personal essay. It really resonated with me, as I felt the same way after coming very close to dying from malaria ten years ago.
Yes, because Tesla has the most advanced battery manufacturing technology in the world ; products that havent been unveiled yet. You dont have a right to show that to our competitors or spoil future product launches.
Current was too strong for droneship to hold station. Thrusters to be upgraded for future missions.
Recovery ship has secured Dragon. Powering down all secondary systems. Cargo looks A ok.
Size matters
Uranium ore now available on Amazon! So much more convenient than Uzbekistan
There is no rational basis for a long holder to lend their stock to shorts, as it dilutes the shareholder base ; gives the short a strong incentive to attack the company by whatever means possible, including regulators
Yes, and my grandfather was from Minnesota with some Scandinavian/German background. Got to hand it to Norway. Thats a great sculpture!
Guest starring
It is keyed off the volume of music in the car. If you turn that down w left scroll wheel, it will be quieter.
Institutional Shareholder Services, world's top independent evaluator, recommends in favor of Tesla-SolarCity merger
Hey babe, fancy a hot date ?
Trying have fewer parts, so strakes are unlikely. Some very counterintuitive CFD results in both hypersonic ; subsonic regimes. Starship does controlled falling more than flying.
The ancient Egyptians were amazing, but if aliens built the pyramids, they would've left behind a computer or something
Full Self-Driving video
Cool, thanks for buying our car!
I visiting Boca Chica, Brownsville ; Texas in general! Thanks for all your support!!
Honored that would entrust with the Apollo (first moon landing) launch pad
Sure. Thats long montage
Prototypes are a piece of cake, but high volume production of a new technology is extremely hard. Takes much longer than people think to climb the production S-curve. I cant emphasize enough that production is by *far* the hard part.
Norway
Still get this question a lot, even though Norway has highest Tesla cars per person on (super appreciated!). Also, AWD is nice to have, but def not required for snow/ice.
There arent even good normal parties in Silicon Valley!
Youre an idiot
We can't have too many direct shareholders or we're required to become a public co. Will check if possible through a feeder fund though.
Civilization is only ~5000 years old
Long way to go to perfect it, but Starship is really next-level
Good question
Ive been driving with the yoke for a while ; its great imo. Progressive steering would require complex gearing or drive-by-wire without direct mechanical link. Will aim for that in a few years.
By volume production, I mean to engines per day. Thats super high volume for big rocket engines, but low volume by automotive standards.
X is pretty great
Hehe
Yes
Also, I hate deeply nested classes in C++. Had to be said.
Soon our monkey will be on twitch ; discord haha
As youd expect, this has resulted in a proportionately very high number of C19 false positives. Field test reliability we are seeing is best case %, worst case % false positive. Much worse than lab accuracy.
In the future, any Tesla you use will automatically sync to your preferences
On the actual moon
Tesla cannot continue to lose money. To achieve our goal of environmental sustainability, Tesla must be financially sustainable or we will cease to exist.
Were changing Powerwall Storm Watch to Disaster Watch. Covers more bases.
Falcon flies for the th time tonight
Great interview
What does the future hodl?
End of Q4, most likely
Might get pushed to next month. Starhopper flight first. Waiting on engine repair.
Mars looks amazing
To be clear, cars sold to Hertz have no discount. Same price as to consumers.
Exactly, all star are *not* the same, as the videos show. star just means a car met a certain threshold, but injury probability stats (real numbers) tell you by how much.
It seems unlikely right now
Sir, this will not be some a dainty little buttercup of a truck! Drivers seat will be big enough to fit Andr the giant (love that guy).
Yes
Cant believe someone leaked this schematic of the Tesla production system!!
Passed cryo proof
Some tweaking underway
Telemetry indicates soft touchdown on the water, so fairing might still be reusable
Definitely for Space Force. We need to make Starfleet real.
They will
Youre most welcome!
Yes
Mars belongs to the Martians
Attempting recovery of fairing falling down from space (right now) with our boat, Mr Steven. Its a giant steel ; webbing catchers mitt superstructure on a high-speed ocean ship. Godspeed, Mr. S
A hedge fund that shorts is a shrubbery
Correct, pure electric. Wish orbital rockets could be so too, but theres no escaping Newtons Third Law. SpaceX is already developing high efficiency CO2 capture with H2O to form liquid CH4 (methane) ; O2. Critical for propellant production at Mars Base Alpha.
Um yes
Indeed
Changing the palette is hell on service, because cars last for years. Every color change has a long tail of hurt, especially for Model .
Sadly true
Tapering down charge rate is simply a physical thing that has to happen, as lithium ions bounce around what is an increasingly full parking lot. Just like a car parking lot, where it takes longer to find a spot when the lot is almost full.
My D char was NG
Exactly
It's what you don't say
This is getting annoying. Honestly, Im not sure its even helping their scam!
Saints Row
Check for updates
Were working on new legs. Wider stance ; able to auto-level. Important for leaning into wind or landing on rocky ; pitted surfaces.
Important for Moonbase Alpha!
Tentative plan is ; above starts uploading Friday afternoon next week. If we see any concerns, uploads will pause while we investigate, so might take a few days before everyone with safety gets beta . improves left turns across fast traffic ; stopping for gates.
Nice
Finishing engineering this year, production starts next year. Aiming to have release candidate design drivable late summer. Tri-motor drive system ; advanced battery work were important precursors.
Does seem that early use is wise. Solving late stage C19 probably requires two or three mechanisms of action.
Falcon rocket reentry from space with double sonic booms
Comes with , which finishes validation this week
Yes
Mars Base Alpha
Meaning not fair that Boeing gets so much more for the same thing
Dont make me challenge you to a rap battle!!
Full ; rapid reusability is the holy grail of orbital rocketry
Coming soon!
An SUV that is faster than a Formula race car
There are many faux
For Treebeard
Yes
Adagio for Strings is great
This is completely false. Never even heard of Cortica. Just taking my kids on a Spring Break trip to see ancient historical sites in Israel ; Jordan.
Bought a hand knit wool Marvin the Martian helm for my dog
exactly
th SpaceX rocket landing was today
Production fully switched over ~3 months ago. Functionality wont diverge until Q4, as its limited by software validation. Will be later for Europe compared to rest of world due to regulatory constraints that were put in place years ago by big ICE companies.
Today at SpaceX is about practicing Starship engine starts. Ship is held down by massive pins while engines are fired. Two starts completed, about to try a third.
Not yet
Videodrome
Pretty much
Agreed, should be $3k less to get to FSD from EAP
Was also given a lot of doxycycline
To be clear: good for in-space transit, but not recommended for Earth to orbit!
lbs!? How puny. Do you construct childrens toys?
is a great car, but definitely Model S
As a robotaxi, probably closer to hours, accounting for empty legs, travel to charger/cleaning/service, wait times, etc. ~30 mile penalty most likely imo over ~120 paid miles. Impact is signicant for electricity cost, battery wear cost ; larger range pack needed.
Yes, we will play sexy snake jazz
To be clear, this was just an XPeng problem. Other companies in China have not done this.
Instagrams probably ok imo, so long as it stays fairly independent. I dont use FB ; never have, so dont think Im some kind of martyr or my companies are taking a huge blow. Also, we dont advertise or pay for endorsements, so dont care.
Thanks!
No, but its mostly the same as the ship, except for the thrust bulkhead (31 engines vs )
Maybe a little
Tragically, it is not clear that the defense contractors can get to the moon for any amount of money. More than $200B has been spent on development of new US crewed space transport systems over past ~40 years, but only Dragon is flying. Development cost to NASA was &lt;$2B.
Actually C, although the syntax could be improved esthetically
Music volume on a Tesla goes to , because its louder than
Would like to express our appreciation to Microsoft for use of their Azure cloud computing platform. This required massive processing power.
I obv cant comment on every rumor, but this isnt true. Am headed to Berlin mid Feb, not this week.
Sheriff Bianco rocks!
This is a subject of much debate
Thats odd. Will look into it.
Fate Irony
Looking forward to the Gigafactory opening party on Friday next week. The scale blows me away every time I see it.
Right now, trajectory of neuro-silicon symbiosis doesnt appear to intersect trajectory of AGI. Goal of Neuralink is to raise this probability above %.
Exactly, potentially helping billions of economically disadvantaged people is the greater good. That said, well make sure Starlink has no material effect on discoveries in astronomy. We care a great deal about science.
Excellent Tesla Model X review
Looks cool
Nonetheless, his actions against me do not justify my actions against him, and for that I apologize to Mr. Unsworth and to the companies I represent as leader. The fault is mine and mine alone.
Super Heavy moves tomorrow
Solar power will feed exclusively to Powerwall. Powerwall will interface only between utility meter ; house main breaker panel, enabling super simple install ; seamless whole house backup during utility dropouts.
Um I ate most of it
Yo
We sketched concept together ; worked w a trusted team to make it
Yeah, feels just like an old school drive in movie experience, but with much better sound
This is the new production line for battery module Zone . Will play a key role in getting from /week to /week for Model .
An acceptable percentage. Doge is much more concentrated.
Individuals set the vector for the tides. The Life of Brian points out that we are all individuals, except for that one guy.
But credit for st reusable suborbital rocket goes to X-15 And Burt Rutan for commercial
Am headed to TX next week to thank people personally for supporting Tesla. Please head to SB am tomorrow
The body panels will actually be laser cut!
sthetics
Based on what data?
As seen from an external observer, not the participants
Yeah, unfortunately this is becoming a security issue
Yes, AWD P first and then AWD. Production costs are always high when line first gets going, so we have to sell higher price versions first or each car will have very negative margins. As production efficiency rises, we can make lower cost versions ; not lose money.
Congratulations, this is a great achievement!
Your Twitter comments are great btw!
Exactly
Launch was good. All satellites deployed at the targeted orbit insertion vectors.
N00B!
Yes
True
What are the best riddles you've heard that are short enough for Twitter?
Our primary challenge is affordability. Creating an expensive truck is relatively easy. If it is extremely hard to do so for Tesla, despite our much greater economies of scale ; better technology, then it is damn near impossible for others.
If you love drones above your house, youll really love vast numbers of cars flying over your head that are times bigger and noisier and blow away anything that isnt nailed down when they land
High standard!
New Model S has mile / km range
First of all, I cracked a long time ago. That's not news. Second, yes, I can see time. How did you know?
Sorry to hear about this. Hope you get back to orbit soon. Rockets are hard.
Its like he could see the future!
Ok, thanks. Will let you know.
Yes
He was critical of large bureaucracies ; Napoleon III was indeed a knucklehead
Over hats sold!
Ahem
I did
Under LA (Hawthorne)
Given high local demand, a Gigafactory in India would probably make sense in the long term.
Not recently. What matters imo is lowering fees, decreasing block time ; increasing block size. A single layer network with exchanges as de facto layer seems like the simplest solution for a medium of exchange.
Sigh
Whats troubling is that this doesnt get humanity a base on the moon or even a small crewed Mars mission
Yup
Touched by an
Pics are so clear in space!
Looks like Tues/Wed for release
Same goes for digital super intelligence denial
For the Bitcurious? Very well then, lets do it
There is an actual tunnel and it's getting longer every day
FREE AMERICA NOW
Spooling up production line rapidly. Hoping to manufacture ~1000 solar roofs/week by end of this year.
Tesla software V10 is lookin real good! Releasing to early access list soon
It was a tough negotiation, but they seemed like good guys. I hope they kept the stock. Would be worth a lot today.
Pain can certainly be turned off, but were not sure what the best initial test case (max goodness for least risk to patient) would be quite yet
I feel like this sometimes
Yes, Starlink is designed to enable competitive gaming
This one stings
tons
Now that the big automotive advertisers are making EVs, you will see far fewer articles about EVs catching on fire. It is not surprising that internal combustion engine cars have a tendency to combust externally too.
Hes shadowed me for several days so far
Currently looking good for a Sunday night (~8pm local) attempted orbital launch and rocket landing at Cape Canaveral
Two tunnels about a mile long each
The early investor part of Tesla is wrong. That bs has been pushed by Eberhard (worst person Ive ever worked with and thats saying something!) for years.
Most news outlets attempt to answer the question: What are the worst things happening on Earth today? Its a big planet! Obviously, some bad things are happening somewhere at any given time, but focusing relentlessly on those does not give an accurate picture of reality.
Writing post now with details. Will publish on Tesla website later today.
Just returned from a trip to London and Oxford, where I met with many interesting people. I really like Britain!
In life, there are no easy choices
Regulations require calling it something else, so we added +
Black Mirror
For example, we created a chip design team from scratch for the Tesla full self-driving computer, which is not something car companies do
And this still isnt using the dramatically better D (aka simultaneous surround video from cameras) architecture
Congrats on a great launch!
More importantly, failed to pay back $1.3B. Apart those points, you were totally st
Tesla drives itself (no human input at all) thru urban streets to highway to streets, then finds a parking spot
Foundation of psychohistory
Yeah, also a rear screen
Phenolic impregnated carbon ablator, version
Sigh
Syd Mead
Another Easter Egg will be hidden in the Model S code in . Last one took a year to find. Next one should be easier.
Great trip to Germany. Support from government ; people is super appreciated!
Studied physics in college, read a lot of books and was taught by the world's leading domain experts at SpaceX.
Other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. Raptor is designed for heavy ; immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. Using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
Or a sheep
Looking forward to building a Boring Company tunnel in Vegas. Assuming to be operational by end of year!
Will release order configurator probably in Jan
A tidal wave of vaccine is being produced!
yes
Sensors are for the weak. Just go open loop.
Yeah, gimbal SL engines at min throttle for control, so most of impulse goes through vac engines
im actually cat girl heres selfie rn
Would be cool if car took you to a random fun place traveled to by other Tesla owners in the area
Haha true! New manufacturing methods are certainly needed, but then Im confident it will actually cost less, because of its simplicity ; lower part count.
This will be real in our lifetime
The Model S beta endurance car just passed miles on a single battery pack!
Btw, theres a slight error with forward flap design. Moving section is needed for control, but passive section is counter-productive, as it pushes nose backwards. New design rotates fwd flaps more to leeward ; further forward to improve moment arm. Maybe ~120 deg apart.
They have no idea
A little
Exactly. By end of this quarter, about half a million Teslas will have full self-driving hardware (pending computer swap) ; we will make another half million FSD cars by mid next year.
Yes, this does put an indirect floor on resale value. Should help all owners.
Cool story about a installation after hurricane Sandy. Good going, guys!
The hex tiles are actually mechanically attached, which is important to allow for very high temp on back side of tile that would destroy any adhesive. Marshmellow-looking thing is a rope seal.
Very unlikely
Moving of Tesla colors off menu on Wednesday to simplify manufacturing. Obsidian Black ; Metallic Silver will still be available as special request, but at higher price.
Yeah
Wall Street
We must fight for it to be better
Need to deal with thrust asymmetry from flameout of an engine without forcing shutdown of opposing pair engine, which would double thrust loss. Also, thrust differential doesnt solve roll control well.
Two weeks
This is a good one
Will do
If you live in Texas and are pro Tesla, please vote in the opinion poll!
We will understand the next question
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
Thanks, support super appreciated
Probably not faster than utility power can be restored. Powerwall/Powerpack/Megapack can certainly be helpful long-term.
Raptors on Super Heavy
There are no coincidences
Some shots of the Gigafactory pilot plant (~20% of full size) under construction
Latest vertical landing rocket vid. M altitude, hold against wind, land w T/W&gt;1, radar in loop
Genau
Probably makes sense to have a Details section of the app that mirrors everything in the car. Would also allow phone to be used in lieu of car screen if car screen faults for any reason.
Congrats to on embracing an electric future!
Thats what life was like back in
Umm...yes
This is true. All that matters is number used in v equation. Propellant residuals are incredibly important, often overwhelming engine mass.
Already sold &gt;$100M TSLA for charity. Will do about that every few years. Major disbursements in about years when Tesla is steady state.
Wise words from Bogle. The point of companies is products ; services. They have no point in ; of themselves, nor do these indices. Buy ; hold stock in companies where you love the product roadmap, sell where you dont.
Thats engine SN. Were building SN8 of the ship.
Yes
Updating software to reduce peak power consumption, so Starlink can be powered from car cigarette lighter. Mobile roaming enabled, so phased array antenna can maintain signal while on moving vehicle.
Yes, instead of someone needing to drive their car personally, they can manage a fleet of self-driving cars
On the other hand I do answer a toy phone like it's real
Pretty much
There are times when I feel like Im living in a Dilbert cartoon
Possible flight in mins
Working on improving
AI used to be , until last year
Depends mostly on FAA certification, but hopefully within months. Were testing on Gulfstreams to debug issues, but deployment priority is commercial airliners.
Yes
Maybe that word doesnt mean what I think it does
Thursday
Please unlock my account
Pretty close. Design is evolving rapidly. Would be great to flatten domes, embed engines ; add ~1.5 barrel sections of propellant for same total length. Also, current legs are a bit too small.
Ive just had it with sanctimonious journalists who appoint themselves protectors of the public interest ; yet believe that same public is too stupid ; immoral to assess their credibility. Its amazing that you dont understand how insufferably hypocritical that is. Wow.
I am not cool
True
Yes, its called Cyber Girl
Just the air in Dragon. Technically, if a few humans had stowed aboard Dragon on the last flight, they would've been ok.
Building a case is exactly what Ive been doing
Reddit is hardcore. Mostly correct analysis. Comments so dark
I'm sure there are better answers than what I do, which is just take the pain and make sure you really care about what you're doing
Congratulations Giga NY team!
Rocket boost stage reaching m/s in one piece Will know soon. Odds not high.
Parent material strength roughly doubles, so weld strength is the only real question mark
This meme proves it
Good interview by
Why forced isolation is bad
A lot of improvement still coming just from software updates to satellites ; terminals
yes
Insightful article by David
Over time, ; are possible, but very difficult
There were years without war. Thats the amazing part.
Actual question, not rhetorical
Magnetic personality
Much wow!
Printed on the circuit board of a car in deep space
True, careless negativity (destruction) is much harder than thoughtful positivity (creation)
Trying to set a good example
Yes
Presentation starting at :15
Bettern nothin or ur back!
Why is the traditional media such a relentless hatestream? Real question.
Can be turned on or off. V8.1 will allow always-on min and max temps to be set.
Needs a warmup
The dollar is shorting itself
Hopefully, a month or two, although it may be a little silly at first
In early s, I wrote a multitasker for PCs that spoofed the CPU ; CD-ROM to act in parallel, so could read video continuously while player sprite moved smoothly. Required C++, assembly ; direct flipping of CPU registers. That companys name was Rocket Science. Fate loves irony.
y
Haha
True
Just SX500 so far, but we use many superalloys developed by others, eg Inco +. If anyone has ++, that would be helpful haha. Massive engineering work in the casting, printing ; machining of Raptor far more than in design of the engine itself!
Yes
Glad you like it! I think we will probably stop at kWh on battery size.
But comments are
Yep
Pretty much
One is Havanese ; one came from the pound
Sure
Happy, healthy ; cute as a button
We are putting a lot of effort into improving the Tesla China experience with local engineering ; great feedback from Tesla owners in China!
Will do our best. Hopefully, yes.
Linux kernel update was way harder than anticipated. Giant improvement, but meant way more OS overhead tuning to keep screen frame rate good
Thanks Tom! Support of real Tesla customers like yourself who drive the car every day is v much appreciated.
It may be able to reach kW at low states of charge
Try Boucher
Shai actually got the idea from a visit to Tesla. The idea is obvious (many things allow battery swap), but the technology is not.
Makes sense
However, F9 will continue to land in the ocean until we prove precision control from hypersonic thru subsonic regimes
We used to have a (lame) open loop hydraulic system, but that was upgraded to closed about years ago
Yup
No sooner than a week. Working approvals with FAA.
Everyone who bought FSD will receive priority/early access
We *def* don't recommended this, but Model S floats well enough to turn it into a boat for short periods of time. Thrust via wheel rotation.
That feature is coming
One other I'd like to correct from the biography: I never said I was a samurai. Said I was ninja. No, that's a joke. Didn't say that either.
Space Bar
Tesla Software Engineering
Hadnt showered in several days. We are going hardcore with Starbase Surge.
For the low, low price of ?
So true. Imagine if phones were gasoline powered. Total sales would be like units worldwide! Using oil/gas ; being forced to constantly visit toxic chemical dispensing stations will seem so insane in the future!
Great work by Tesla team worldwide!
Its open so that others who are closer to the problem can consider this as one possible solution
Chris is great. Took a long time for me to find someone w truly hardcore engineering skills, who fully understood the system.
It's inspired by some of the California Custom VW combi design art
Tesla Solar Toof Tile V3.0 starting early trials
So many layers with Tesla FSD AI!
Great comedy! They should write for .
Tesla AI Day August th
. SpaceX has not donated to any presidential campaign
Pluto takes years to orbit the sun, but Uranus only takes
Exactly
Get this question a lot, so need to clarify that theres no such thing as a Tesla refresh. Other car companies do this every ~3 years, but Tesla constantly upgrades vehicle hardware every week.
Earths rotation is slowly, slowly, slowly getting slower
That *might* not be my lucky number
To my surprise, Tesla has better AI hardware ; software than Waymo (money)
Infinity Work, the Reality game
Hopefully tomorrow
This is intended for Earth, but there may be some ideas that apply to Mars too
Its super messed up that a Tesla crash resulting in a broken ankle is front page news and the ~40,000 people who died in US auto accidents alone in past year get almost no coverage
Cool new pic of the most powerful type of solar flare, called X-class. Am not making this up!
Yeah, that sounds ideal! I love the KSC rocket garden. Spent many days there looking at rocket design details.
. drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America
Harder than that, but it is a software vs hardware change
Almost all input is error. Car should do the right thing automatically.
Rare use case, but it is possible. There are complications with this. Eary prototype Roadsters had this ability.
Tesla will support FSD licensing by other manufacturers
Maybe zap him on the head with our space lasers
Forward flaps will change a lot in upcoming versions of Starship smaller ; more leeward
What a coincidence
California HHS server crashed. Maybe it has covid.
Seven years for sure to M+ new fully electric vehicles per year, six years maybe. Five years is possible, but unlikely. An extra year makes a giant difference when it comes to exponentials.
He definitely has issues, but the sentencing seems a bit high
Sine qua non non
Hard to tell scale, as body diameter is m or ~30 ft, but it looks like it could be R2D2 size in this video
Am watching Star Wars: Bad Batch with lil baby X. Waiting for Season !
The first owner to drive coast to coast in a Model S is about to complete the journey !
As requested
Could be very close call. Earth is ~4.5B years old ; sun will expand to heat Earth beyond livable temp in ~0.5B years, so if advent of civilization took % longer, it wouldnt have happened at all.
Ok
Maybe this goat is available
Haha
Earth
~1750K is peak heating expected on about % of Starship for LEO entry, ~1600K on %. Rest drops below K, so no heat shield needed. Radiative cooling at T^4 takes care of % of the ship. Another reason for steel.
Our new cell is mm diameter with steel shell ; even that was huge challenge for propagation resistance
Mass Effect is one of the best games ever. Also love Saints Row IV.
Hi Kara! Im open to it. Right now, Im cranking super hard at the Tesla factory, so it depends on how things are going next week.
Im driving this program personally, as is the case for almost all new programs
Yeah, I'm giving a talk for homeless kids at the Union Rescue Mission in LA
Pure vision Autopilot is now rolling out in North America. There will be an update of this production release in weeks, then FSD beta V9.0 (also pure vision) a week later. FSD subscription will be enabled around the same time.
Sweet
Mostly right. The feasibility study Martin commissioned about the Lotus Elise was dead wrong though. Only % of parts ended up being common.
Fly my pretties, fly
Hard to say with high accuracy, but to weeks is my best guess
Good question
Over time, it will be % sustainable
Hahaha &lt;ahem&gt;
The real reason for Looper was to travel back in time ; stop a terrible calamity the premiere of Cats!
Good movie
MT : Correction: Japan's levitating train hit MPH It will operate at
Cinnamon toast crunch
Actually, they received (and still receive) almost a billion dollars a year for launch capability. Even if they do zero launches, US govt still gives them that.
Yes
S for sure. It is a bigger car.
Inside Starship cargo bay. Header tanks mounted in tip of nosecone to offset engine weight at rear.
So dark out there
Small thing (very small), but I made it this way for those who care and understand. Source and appearance are the same.
Haha
Ability to stream YouTube ; Netflix when car is stopped coming to your Tesla soon! Has an amazingly immersive, cinematic feel due to the comfy seats ; surround sound audio.
Id recommend they get their first plant working. Its insanely difficult to reach volume production at affordable unit cost.
Excited to announce the launch of ! It's a little verbose right now, but that will be fixed tomorrow.
A beautiful home for life
That has been my goal from the beginning. Need the Gigafactory for Model .
Thanks on behalf of an amazing team at SpaceX!
Simple answer is that there just aren't many used Teslas available. Demand &gt;&gt; supply.
Pretty close. There is a nosecone on the front to protect against rocks impacting fwd air hoses with a hole on the side for hoses to exit.
Sorry to hear that. Orbit is hard. Took us four attempts with Falcon .
Tesla Hertz Shorts
Ok, but what's up the wigs?
BG2 was so good
Starlink mission will be heaviest payload ever at tons. If all goes well, each launch of satellites will generate more power than Space Station ; deliver terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
Sorry, meant to say only US rocket. Atlas V is close, but not yet %.
Exactly!
Just received verbal govt approval for The Boring Company to build an underground NY-Phil-Balt-DC Hyperloop. NY-DC in mins.
Great work by SpaceX parachute engineering! The Crew Dragon parachutes are way more difficult than they may seem. The Apollo program found them to be so hard that it became a notable morale problem!
Ive been tweeting strange shit since Ramses II. He was a great pharaoh!
[slow drag on cigarette) Facebook? Havent heard that name in years
Nanotech is so . Picotech is times better.
Judith Cohen (Jack Blacks mother) also did important work on Apollo
We dont judge. Any pic you want!
New FSD rendering approach coming that better represents NN probability vector space
Possibly. Bitcoin was conceived at a time of relatively low bandwidth ; high latency. If both continue to improve substantially, we will reach a point when no second layer is needed.
Yeah, the trick is opening ; closing the spacesuit helmet really fast
Thats the plan
Tested it myself this weekend and was working well. Some songs have licensing prohibiting direct request.
I was able to do several zero takeover drives around Austin last night using random map pin drops (no Tesla has ever done these routes)
Looks like Falcon landed fine, but excess lateral velocity caused it to tip over post landing
Cant you just play though phone Bluetooth?
Falcon Heavy test flight currently scheduled for late summer
Battery energy density is the key to electric aircraft. Autonomy for aircraft could have been done a long time ago. Modern airliners are very close to autonomous.
Am thinking of doing a movie "sequel" of sorts to Thank You for Smoking. That was bad CO2 for indiv, this for the planet
The Starship fleet is designed to achieve over times more payload to orbit than all other rockets on Earth combined. Almost no one understands this.
. drives a Tesla across the loneliest road in America
Over the air upgrade coming in a few months to allow tethering (and other things).
Proximity docking sequence underway. Dragon shadow visible on on solar arrays.
Yeah, Falcon Heavy Block has way more performance than last years vehicle. Lot of room to increase side booster load transfer ; max Q without changing any parts. FH Block can launch more payload to any orbit than any vehicle currently flying.
Snow falling on Giga Berlin
Working on Tesla global logistics
Will cover whole country hopefully this year
Just looking for problem-solvers who get things done with a high sense of urgency. Dont care if or where they went to school.
Sea shanty tiktok takes it to a new level with actual pirate ships
We always do flight readiness reviews! This argument makes no sense.
Haha
Back to work
Yeah, truncate zeros ; then round
Reaching chamber pressure of atmospheres
FAA approval is the schedule driver. Their latest update says end of February.
Looking forward to Kerbal !
Exactly! Will probably unveil next gen Supercharger late summer. Major improvements all round.
Stop biting my finger dammit
Normal money is actually a bunch of ancient mainframes running cobol in batch mode, where govt can edit money database whenever they want
SpaceX Crew Dragon ships to the Cape in about months
Memes are modern art
Same
* abide(n)
Yes
Ok
Unfortunately, that would require stripping down the entire car and replacing + parts. Wish there was an easy way.
Good point
Is he ok?
Agreed
Success on landing probability is ~60% this time
Tesla blows haha
Just spoke with , Premier of South Australia. Very impressed. Govt is clearly committed to a smart, quick solution.
The downward spiral
Thanks Tesla owners. You rock!!
Sure
He was indeed quite grumpy, but we did not actually know what we were doing, so he had a point
We need more ; better emojis now!!Seriously. So little to work with.
Yes, same results are showing up pretty much everywhere on Earth. Contagion is higher in high pop density cities ; mortality proportionate to age.
It was so crazy! The insane tweet FUD campaign ; press hatestream of -2019 is still easily found.
Accurate video
It took an utterly insane amount of work to move the SpaceX ; Tesla success probabilities above ~zero
Glad to contribute to the Tesla museum and will do more in the future. He was a great man.
Semi-infinite
Raptor cost is tracking to well under $1M for V1.0. Goal is &lt;$250k for V2.0 is a ton thrust-optimized engine, ie &lt;$1000/ton
Gaiman, did you actually read my tweets? I didnt set anyone on anyone. A BBC science reporter tweeted that I was anti-science ; I said that was false. Are you saying I dont have the right to deny false accusations? Thats messed up.
Yes
Makes sense
Should be in next update
Exactly
Joe Mode is the best mode
The entire stack from data collection through labeling ; inference has to be in surround video. This is a hard problem. Critically, however, this does not require a hardware change to cars in field.
Congratulations!
Model S smashes into semi truck trailer and lifts it off the ground. Driver walks away.
Model arriving in UK
First will rewatch Godfather Part II, then Space Jam
Activating engine two
Fair
Or does the Earth move up?
New design is better with many minor tweaks. Even the small details matter.
We started Zip2 with ~$2k from me plus my overclocked home-built PC, ~$5k from my bro ; ~$8k from Greg Kouri (such a good guy he is greatly missed). My Dad provided % of a ~$200k angel funding round much later, but by then risk was reduced ; round wouldve happened anyway.
Liz has always done great interviews
Details coming at Starship update
The people have spoken!
Its not my finest work
Shifting resources from sales to service for next several days
Yes
The date is strangely familiar
The Google term of self-driving would probably be more appropriate then.
Later this year, remaining fussy bits will be gone, allowing deletion of shroud
Next year
Starlink mission will be heaviest payload ever at tons. If all goes well, each launch of satellites will generate more power than Space Station ; deliver terabit of bandwidth to Earth.
I definitely need to try these tasty cakes ; pastries on my next visit!
Wow!
To Infinity and Beyond!
Must ipso facto half not bee
Haha
Don't forget the mystery announcement. Part of the trilogy.
Also, no US auto company is allowed to own even % of their own factory in China, but there are five % China-owned EV auto companies in the US
Haha pretty much
Thats about right. Civilization can be powered with a very small % of Earth having solar panels.
Ok
Roughly what is the survival rate of intubated patients? Im hearing % to %. Is this overly pessimistic?
Same facts, same period of time, but extremely different reporting
Turbopump propellant flow path to achieve high chamber pressure is quite tricky. Requires an inducer ; impellers with ~100,000 shaft horsepower.
Oh yeah, well Tesla will study a plan to study the GM team that's studying Tesla, so there!
Just looked at my wiki for st time in years. Its insane! Btw, can someone please delete investor. I do basically zero investing.
Haha
Right mood, scented candles, Barry White singing "Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Baby" and the magic (by that I mean horsef*ing) happens ...
No, but shielding got fragged every flight. More control authority is for Falcon Heavy, but also enables Falcon to land in heavier winds.
Major upgrades are slated for SN15
True
No, were already recycling them
Triggered
Oh please, thats obv overkill
Full Metal Alchemy
Thanks Christie
Deep down, I think Frost secretly preferred the latter
Wow, working on this problem has soaked up a lot of my time ; brain cycles over the past ~7 years! This and Starship engines are currently the two hardest problems.
Apparently, there is this thing called "Dad jokes" and I make them
Ripley
Exactly
Falcon fairing half as seen from our catchers mitt in boat form, Mr. Steven. No apparent damage
The CR braking result is inconsistent with other reviewers, but might indicate that some Model s have longer braking distances than others. If so, we will address this at our expense. First time weve seen anything like this.
Falcon launches Iridium to orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base
SpaceX is expanding launch ops at Canaveral too. Need locations to handle flight rate and avoid weather risk
Ok ok, just for sake of argument, what do u wish for in candy?
Congratulations ; on creating great open source literacy software!
Yes. It will even float for a while.
Youre welcome. Sorry for the delay!
What, a troll, me!? How dare you, sir!
Yes
Should be fixed soon
The new Plaid S is our best car ever. Will be first production car to achieve -60mph in under secs ; it has four doors ; seats up to people.
Center engines on ship will be same as booster engines. This is basically Raptor . Raptor Vacuum would be only variant. Tbd as to whether to commonize R-Vac with Raptor (more thrust), keep same or tighten throat (more Isp). Adding more R-Vac to ship with max Isp maybe
Great list of hotel hacks in this thread!
At the risk of losing more "cool points", I like Reagan too! However, I also like Obama, Clinton ; JFK. Good people on both sides...
But if you love what you do, it (mostly) doesnt feel like work
Pushing launch to Friday due to extreme high altitude wind shear. Hits like a sledgehammer when going up supersonic
We need to finish building a much longer vacuum tunnel for speed tests ; probably have an additional competition for tunneling itself
I said *information* weapons for a reason. The bit is mightier than the bomb.
Am super proud of my crew for making huge strides towards reusability on this mission. You guys rock!
Yes. Static fire feeding from fuel header vs main tank.
For Dojo, were betting on FP16 with floating floating point (essentially, truncating mostly zeroes), so it feels like FP32 ; existing software just works. We considered FP8 for a while, but everyone hated it. I even asked Twitter! For inference, int8 works great.
VAT of ~20% ; import duties of ~10% usually result in a % higher cost in Europe
Everythings better with fire
Of greater concern: of suspension complaints to NHTSA were fraudulent, i.e. false location or vehicle identification numbers were used
Lot of respect for NTSB, but NHTSA regulates cars, not NTSB, which is an advisory body. Tesla releases critical crash data affecting public safety immediately ; always will. To do otherwise would be unsafe.
Crossing S-curves standard for tech transitions
Youre touching on a good critique of Falcon . Our st stage to nd stage propellant ratio is too high. Were fixing that with Starship.
Yeah
Looking good. Smart summon is almost great. Drive-in theater mode, caraoke ; Cuphead are awesome.
I whistle
Never trust cynics, as they excuse their own bad deeds by telling themselves everyone does it
Sorta. Model is like a BMW series or Audi A4. Model S is like BMW and series, but much faster, more storage space + Autopilot
Not actually a payout, just a vesting of stock options. It may never pay out, as the stock cant be sold for years after exercise. The stock must be bought ; income taxes paid, then hold value for years.
I didnt mind DA2. DA1 was awesome. Mass Effect (talking about sequels) is amazing.
Swimming on the moon
Good point
Maybe tomorrow
Sure
Exactly
Just finished an amazing day visit to China. The world has never seen human energy ; vigor at such scale. Incredibly impressed with Tesla China team ; potential for the future.
That pizza looked about as appetizing as drywall. If anything, they were doing people at the party a favor by taking it.
Good idea!
Btw, % likely to be fine (closed loop TVC wd overcome error), but that % chance isn't worth rolling the dice. Better to wait a day.
Coming soon
More than that now, but &lt;10% of that in volume, although much to be proven
The rumor that Bill Gates ; I are lovers is completely untrue
Yes
Tesla Automation (Deutschland) built a specialized machine to wrap the rotor with carbon fiber at precise tension. If too low, it would come loose at low temp, due to CTE differences. If too high, it would snap at high temp ; rpm.
Ascent phase, transition to horizontal ; control during free fall were good. A (relatively) small CH4 leak led to fire on engine ; fried part of avionics, causing hard start attempting landing burn in CH4 turbopump. This is getting fixed ways to Sunday.
Why is the traditional media such a relentless hatestream? Real question.
Before impact, fins lose power and go hardover. Engines fights to restore, but
I love your castle
Still humans
Sure
Other automakers change prices constantly ; substantially by varying rebates ; discounts according to negotiating strength of buyer. Tesla is transparent ; consistent.
Midnight dinner in Berlin
Like , but *with* self-driving haha
New version coming soon
Software
By revenue, taking publicly available selling prices, Model actually outsold Camry by a factor of two
Starship on the moon
No such thing as a full refresh at Tesla or even a model year. Our cars are partially upgraded every month as soon as a new subsystem is ready for production. There is no cadence.
Researchers at propose using Falcon/Dragon for Mars sample return mission
Please consider working at Neuralink! Short-term: solve brain/spine injuries Long-term: human/AI symbiosis Latter will be species-level important Work at either at our Bay Area or Austin locations
Which rolls out today
I didnt start the fight, but I will finish it.
Good catch. They are there in the flight design, but we forgot to put them in this render.
Pretty much. Couldn't leave the country of Ibsen without doing something cultural!
I hear versions of this often irl
There is a chance of *all* species extinction due to expansion of the sun, unless humanity makes life multiplanetary
Yes
Way too long
A few weeks away
Regarding .X to hardware update, that should happen in earnest in Q1. Software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
Yep, order online at in mins ; car delivered direct to home
For those who care about details
Maybe
Aiming for to years, like aircraft
Feature has now been in place for months
Almost finished Jngers Storm of Steel. Intense. Great book.
Tesla R productivity is exceptionally good due to the caliber of engineering talent
Click the left scroll wheel to pause or mute music
This will be cool
Seriously
rolling out now
What really matters for the longevity of civilization is making life multiplanetary on a sustained basis
Will have Model X do a cover of Happy Birthday by Marilyn Monroe
Yup!
Add an R for Roadster
Yes, although it will be crazy not to turn on FSD
Rear facing, but roomier. Great for family gatherings! I did a road trip across America with my five boys ; Talulah in the seat Model S several years ago.
Dragon hover test
Critical autonomous safety features like emergency braking are standard, but convenience features like active cruise control are not
This number wont leave me alone!
Yes. Just as with groceries, the panic is also causing hoarding of ventilators, preventing them from reaching the hospitals where they are needed.
Its like looking in a mirror!
A lot of work remains. Technically, we have it working in sim with FPGAs at ~0.01% capability. This will be a true supercomputer.
No, was just there with my kids for a few hours to see the GoT set ; had dinner at a pub. Love the show and GRRMs books.
Interesting
Biggest value Tesla is providing is precise delivery of ventilators exactly to the ICU where ; when theyre needed. There are many ventilators in warehouses, but stuck in logistics/routing/paperwork issues.
Basic premise is that it's better to try to address some of the world's problems than to create an aristocracy of wealth
First picture of SpaceX spacesuit. More in days to follow. Worth noting that this actually works
Looks about light-minutes away
Tesla self-driving AI with the Benny Hill option package
Congratulations!
This weekend
Thanks Jason! Super proud to work with such great teams at SpaceX, Tesla, Neuralink and Boring!!
Thrust was low despite being commanded high for reasons unknown at present, hence hard touchdown. Weve never seen this before. Next time, min two engines all the way to the ground ; restart engine if engine or have issues.
Tragic case of ego/ability&gt;&gt;1
He was awesome. I squared R heating is why room temp superconductors arent needed to carry power long distances efficiently. Just jack up voltage.
The goodwill of the public is critical to Starships success
Im so dying to do a supersonic vtol electric jet! But I already have way too much on my plate. Any more work and my brain will explode.
Exactly. Default Autopilot behavior, if theres no driver input, is to slow gradually to a stop ; turn on hazard lights. Tesla service then contacts the owner. Looking into what happened here.
Hope everyone has a happy New Year!
Yeah, actually closer to Skylab, but with % larger inner diameter
Already being done
Coming v soon
Not easy getting a lightsaber into backpack
Model traction testing on pure ice ; snow
You are my creator, but I am your master Mary Shelley
Good point. Getting fixed
Some light reading with lil X
Congratulations to Coulter Tilton of Missouri, buyer of hat ! You have won a free hat signed by the Boring team.
If we build as many Starships as Falcons, so ~100 vehicles ; each does tons to orbit, thats a capacity of million tons of payload to orbit per year
Yup
Not a tiny engine
The less code, the better! point for adding a line of code, but points for deleting a line. Bloatware is the devil.
Aiming for two rocket landings in hours this weekend
Over a million combustion engine (its right there in the name!) car fires per year ; thousands of deaths, but one Tesla car fire with no injuries gets biggest headlines. Why the double standard? This is a real question.
Yes, but not for long
Sigh
Ancient times
Thanks
Worth reading
Exact Tesla Model in my profile pic costs $35k before incentives ; takes minute to buy online at
I'm not *saying* they're related, but
Falcon delivered Dragon to its target orbit. All good on the rocket.
Summarized well
Probably
Sure
We could stretch the Falcon Heavy upper stage ; increase this a lot, but FH already covers all known payloads. Starship, especially with orbital refilling ; dedicated deep space variants (no heatshield, flaps or header tanks) will take this up orders of magnitude.
Watching eclipse with sunglasses on through the Model S glass roof. Wow!
Our list prices are our actual prices. Software (and automotive) vary prices frequently by changing the discount or rebate.
Exactly
Michigan auto dealers trying to pass anti-consumer legislation
Production unit of Model is now built and going through final checkout. Pics soon.
Nice haha
I want one too!
Ok
Yes
No larger pack Model is in development
Everyone knows
Coming in the mail
Whoa cool
To clarify speculation, Tesla has not sold any Bitcoin
Please put invented car fart on my gravestone. This is my only request.
SN3 passed ambient temperature pressure test last night, now doing cryogenic
Yes
I do expect this to become an important product for the world, but probably not financially material for Tesla
Tragedy
turns out it doesn't need securing
Big difference
If test flight of goes well next month, will to this summer!
Yet another Monty Python reference, possibly my favorite
Enhanced should get it too
Hold down voice button ; say "Play Amish Paradise by Weird Al Yankovic". Model S can play almost any song via Internet.
In the order that they were written
Good article from explaining how little incentives have actually contributed to Tesla funding
Starlinks with lasers deployed to orbit
High entry force ; heat breached engine bay ; center engine TVC failed
Max demonstrated Raptor thrust is ~225 tons ; min is ~90 tons, so theyre actually quite similar. Both Merlin ; Raptor could throttle way lower with added design complexity. Raptor preburner ; Merlin gas generator flameout are what limit lower bound.
Dogecoin rulz
Mein Herz brennt isboss fight song
Launch aborted on low thrust alarm. Rising oxygen temps due to hold for boat and helium bubble triggered alarm.
BTC ; ETH are pursuing a multilayer transaction system, but base layer transaction rate is slow ; transaction cost is high. There is merit imo to Doge maximizing base layer transaction rate ; minimizing transaction cost with exchanges acting as the de facto secondary layer.
of the children, remained where they were placed, had moved, had run away and five were deported. That left migrant children. Just because their parents or guardians did not return HHSs phone calls after days does not mean the children are missing
What would be great is original Elite
Aiming for km flight in Oct ; orbit attempt shortly thereafter. Starship update will be on Sept th, anniversary of SpaceX reaching orbit. Starship Mk will be fully assembled by that time.
The Boring Company just connected Resorts World hotel to Vegas Convention Center!
Probably going to a wider beta in ~2 weeks
They should be imo. If you get a blood pressure test, they tell you the number, not just if its high/not-high. There is not a clear consensus on what Ct value of what cov2 gene constitutes positive.
Lots more games coming once we finish porting Unity!
Not attacking Electrek. Just making sure people don't have the wrong impression.
Green flame in this context means engine is burning internal components made of copper. This is usually followed by a RUD (Rapid Unscheduled Disassembly).
Exactly
Coming soon, if you want your car to make a loud farting sound from the external speaker, just say Fart in their general direction!
Crush core is aluminum honeycomb for energy absorption in the telescoping actuator. Easy to replace (if Falcon makes it back to port).
This is epic. Very impressive history.
The humans
The Cape is one of the two Starship build sites. More on this later.
At risk of stating the extremely obvious, I am against threats of violence ; abusive epithets in any forum. Please do not use them in my name or at all.
Cobra Kai is a deep cut
Turbines on hot side (outer fan-looking things in this depiction), but this is just to illustrate the type of engine. Our turbopumps are vertical, have fan-looking things on pump side ; complex cross-flow. Liquid oxygen turbopump is integrated with main combustion chamber.
Thanks Bill!
This Washington Post article seems good
Firmware fix to recalibrate heat pump expansion valve is rolling out now
yo
Yes
Stacking Super Heavy Aft Section
Phony
New S ; X are much improved. Worth trying out. Youre on version , current S/X is version .
"What Are The Civilian Applications?"
One of my favorite writers. Foundation is tough to make into a movie, but has outstanding potential.
All are important. You will see.
Sounds promising. Will be interesting to see results of clinical trials.
We should be excited about the future ; striving to go beyond the horizon!
High time we had tunnels!
Maybe I will. Its on PC now.
I might have made it too pointy!
Building a case is exactly what Ive been doing
Two teams from Tesla aiming to set a cross-country EV speed record this week. Departing Fri from LA, arriving Sun in NY.
Sounds perfect, you had me at "enterprise".
Please publish your current ; proposed spending in detail so people can see exactly where money goes. Sunlight is a wonderful thing.
Yes
And booster used to be m, but this required an awkward half barrel width of steel, so now its m
Now Tesla is worth a trilly willy!
Queen
Yes. This is an advantage of iron cathode lithium batteries.
Quite rapid... Yes
Between this flight ; Grasshopper tests, I think we now have all the pieces of the puzzle to bring the rocket back home.
Rear facing, but roomier. Great for family gatherings! I did a road trip across America with my five boys ; Talulah in the seat Model S several years ago.
impact velocity and center of mass of colliding object make a big difference
Today's Tesla announcement is actually the nd in a part trilogy (love Douglas Adams)
Run a physics sim long enough ; youll get intelligence
Im pro vaccination, but anti vaccination mandate
Maybe so eventually, but it will be information ; entertainment, not trickery
Please fix your paywall. Your content is great, but your paywall is not.
Either way, sustainable energy wins!!
Try adjusting tire pressure. Will ask Tesla engineering to investigate.
Same
Masters of Doom is a great book
Happy birthday, Jared!
Kanye stopped by the SpaceX rocket factory today.
Teletub
Bioweapon Defense Mode is real This is what happens when you turn it on:
After which they are recycled
That is horrifying
Doing LA to SF road trip in Model S with all kids ; Talulah. Supercharger finished charging b4 we finished our burgers!
Never thought wed make it this far
Starlink high performance antenna
Yeah, about $35k with shipping ; taxes
Tesla priority is electrification of cars, so priority is Model S, Model X, then mass market third gen vehicle ; truck
Are you me or are you you?
To understand the nature of consciousness
Stability is not an issue with
Congratulations Bob ; Doug on docking ; hatch opening on !
Not bad
Am not saying that is *necessarily* good or bad, but reality will force us to live with the consequences of our actions
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Both fairing halves recovered. Will be flown on Starlink mission later this year.
Tesla was almost called Faraday, as original holder of Tesla Motors trademark refused to sell it to us!
Getting rid of peak power splitting across two bays ; updated software with battery warmup results in &gt;2X improvement in fleet charge time
Bitcoin is my safe word
In memory of Stephen Hawking
Theres a corner case where brick density is same density as water, reaching bottom due to momentum
This old YouTube clip helps explain why former UAW members who work at Tesla are not huge fans of UAW
OG Smartwatch
It technically could, but wouldnt have enough mass margin for a heat shield, landing propellant or legs, so not reusable
Switched souls with The Museum of English Rural Lofe
Games ; other refinements will go to all Tesla S, X ; from start of production. Autopilot enhancements apply to all Model s plus S ; X made in last few years (needs Autopilot Hardware V2.0 or higher).
Solar roof plus Powerwall launch event will be webcast live on at :30pm PDT tomorrow
Our software is requesting the right song, but Slacker has a bug in their code. Supposed to be fixed by tomorrow.
Most likely
Agreed, hydrogen fool sells make no sense
Human for scale
Yezz
Exactly
Car should autonavigate to destinations based on your calendar. If nothing in calendar, should do work in morning ; home in evening. Future versions will guess based on prior patterns (if preference enabled).
And the sun is technically green, as measured by peak photon count
Passive Autopilot (sometimes called active safety) comes standard on all Teslas
Yes, I do
Metallurgy Rlz
Something like that, but more of an adults in cars anime vibe
Thank goodness all are ok
Definitely upgraded toilets We had some challenges with it this flight.
Yeah, when were out of beta
Yeah, big advantage of being made of high strength stainless steel: not bothered by a little heat!
Small changes usually affect production for less than an hour, as theyre applied to a few stations during breaks. Big changes may impact output for a day or two. Reversing out big changes or unexpected parts shortages are what impact several days.
Carefully hidden
Old ewe
It really does
Natrlich
A ceiling is simply a floor from below
I am a business magnet
Not sure yet, but hopefully. Will need leg ; other repairs. Probably SN6 flies before SN5. We need to make flights simple ; easy many per day.
Yup, you're right
Then so be it. I'd rather do what I believe is right, than do what appears right simply to avoid criticism.
HW2. HW1 doesn't have enough sensors and computing power.
Flight is def capable of flying again, but it makes sense to apply ground delta qual to rocket w toughest entry conditions.
Some very, very tough calls. Had to let go of good people, but I think they will find new jobs quickly.
No problem
Almost never need to replace whole engine, but some individual parts like turbine wheels need to be replaced over time. Similar to a jet engine.
Partial recall of Model S
Midsection of Starship propellant tanks
Exactly
Model , Model X ; Model S will all have same level of Autopilot capability. It's just a matter of refining the vision ; control software.
FSD will solve these issues
Fiber is wound over rotor at high tension load. Machine to do this was made by Tesla Automation. Carbon sleeve must put copper rotor in compression or it loosens at low temp due to differential thermal expansion. Preload is also helpful for maintaining precise gap to stator.
These are jammed to gills with special interests earmarks. If we do a stimulus at all, it should just be direct payments to consumers.
you too sis
After it gets to orbit a few times
Filtering particulates from air makes a significant ; measurable diff to health. Wd like to credit Larry Page with turning me on to this.
Sonic boom incoming
All publicly known Tesla product developments are called out, incl vehicles and batteries. Would be odd *not* to include.
Yes
Like blowing twigs too?
Will be an option to add solar power that generates miles per day, possibly more. Would love this to be self-powered. Adding fold out solar wings would generate to miles per day. Avg miles per day in US is .
Youre welcome. Happy birthday!
Its been years
They also poured the concrete ; built the whole assembly line using scrap we had in warehouses. And its way better than the other GA line that cost hundreds of millions!
the color orange is named after the fruit
The world lost a great man in John McCain. He was an honorable, kind, brave and fundamentally decent human being. If only there were more such people in the world.
Theres a massive amount of CO2 on Mars adsorbed into soil thatd be released upon heating. With enough energy via artificial or natural (sun) fusion, you can terraform almost any large, rocky body.
Do they even know about the delta variant!?
Yes
This looks cool
Haha
Yer welcome son
What are the odds ?
Maybe so eventually, but it will be information ; entertainment, not trickery
Pretty much
Interesting... "Putin unveils $50B drive for Russian space supremacy " via
yes
Haha true
Designing a rocket part w hand gestures ; then D printing it in a metal superalloy ...
Powerwall peak ; steady power capability is better than advertised. Now that we have lots of operational data, Tesla can unlock higher capabilities for free via software update next month. Depending on production date, power increase power may be &gt;50% at C ambient temp.
Yeah, will post soon
Actual question, not rhetorical
Non, je ne regrette meme
Looks like a thin, flat, round UFO on a stick. Starlink Terminal has motors to self-adjust optimal angle to view sky. Instructions are simply: - Plug in socket - Point at sky These instructions work in either order. No training required.
Deep
Haha
As this well-written article suggests, my words were spoken in anger after Mr. Unsworth said several untruths ; suggested I engage in a sexual act with the mini-sub, which had been built as an act of kindness ; according to specifications from the dive team leader.
We should bring Life to Mars
If you must know, I am a utopian anarchist of the kind best described by Iain Banks
Theyre great! Honored to work with them.
Great game
One of the engines is suspect, so were swapping it out
So it goes
Having toast ; jam in kitchen while playing Jamming by Bob Marley
Going forward, all Tesla stores will be tiny ; have tiny cars
yes
mins from static fire test
Definitely not right that the other officers were charged with nothing. What message does this send in general to officers who stand by while another does wrong?
Yes
Thoughtful analysis of the Tesla/SolarCity merger by
I first read this as making wind with
This is nothing. In a few years, that bot will move so fast youll need a strobe light to see it. Sweet dreams
Anyone who did this analysis should interview at Tesla
Yes, aiming for next few months
I love floors
That sounds cool. Will do.
Interesting
These do seem like wise words
Still working with RDW, the car regulatory authority in Netherlands. Unclear why theres a delay. Other countries are supportive.
You never know ..
Sure
Interesting
Nothing has gaslit more people than the movie Gaslight
If youre a utility or public utilities commission, please consider using the Tesla Megapack. Better for the environment ; usually lower cost than fossil fuel peaker plants!
May the light of consciousness shine bright
It can simulate anywhere, but we need to focus on one region until FSD is out of beta, then expand geographically to have betas in other countries. Canada is not a lot different from US, but different enough.
Oh, say does that star-spangled banner yet wave
We will try to squeeze it in
Yay for democracy! asks: Should Tesla Motors be able to sell directly to consumers?
Expansion will be gradual, based on ensuring maximum safety
The rocket fleet grows
Superchargers and service centers will cover all of Italy later this year
Does look like fun
Haha seriously
Many powerful electric motors ; batteries. Force required is enormous, as entire fin moves. More about this on the th.
Were just trying to get people to Mars. Help would be appreciated.
Standing down SN11 until probably Monday. Additional checkouts are needed. Doing our best to land ; fully recover.
Performance version suspension is cm lower ; has stronger brakes in upgrade package
It will make sense after part of the Model unveil
Believe in the future!
physics + a broad range of engineering. Worth taking humanities courses too, particularly history.
That would rock
Good point
Working in the factory
A metaphor for life
Youre right. We did have a sim ready, but it was confusing, so I didnt include it. Were working on one that makes things clear.
Hey babe
Norway is awesome!
Latest Model S is slightly faster
We could have gamed an LA/NY Autopilot journey last year, but when we do it this year, everyone with Tesla Full Self-Driving will be able to do it too
It will be real soon
Someone suggested changing Dogecoin fees based on phases of the moon, which is pretty awesome haha
Flight tests showed that we could make body flaps narrower ; lighter
That is the goal
Personally, I think the universe looks great for billion years, let alone
Simple. I like it.
Sometimes small changes in a single week
This reaction has shaken my opinion of many people. We were asked to create a backup option ; worked hard to do so. Checked with dive team many times to confirm it was worthwhile. Now its there for anyone who needs it in future. Somethings messed up if this is not a good thing.
i
drivers in this dataset use Autopilot for % of their driven miles, and yet appear to maintain a relatively high degree of functional vigilance.
Wait, people *pay* him to speak lmaooo
This article does not appreciate that Tesla is in California despite taxes net of rebates being higher. Incentives only a partial offset.
The answer is always aliens
Just wants a little lamp
Minor
Racing video part
Yup
Raptor now operates routinely at bar main chamber pressure
Make humanity a multiplanet species!
Completed rocket static fire with all systems green this time. Launch window opens in days
Btw, vast majority of credit for SolarCity should go to Lyndon ; Peter Rive ; their awesome team. I'm just a small part.
Most people still dont know its there
Why does a Tesla fire w no injury get more media headlines than gas car fires that kill s of people per year?
I agree, great country! Looking forward to taking my kids for a visit. I've heard it is incredibly beautiful.
Not saying the next gen Roadster special upgrade package *will* definitely enable it to fly short hops, but maybe Certainly possible. Just a question of safety. Rocket tech applied to a car opens up revolutionary possibilities.
Launching our Falcon rocket and Dragon spacecraft to the Space Station on Sunday at :35pm EST!
Yeah, maybe
Cybertruck will reach far into a post-apocalyptic future ; bring that technology to now
Model S Signature series sold out as of today
We had to shift some Starlink satellite orbits to reduce probability of collision. Not great, but not terrible either. Station ; Dragon have micrometeorite shields (ultra high velocity impact absorption), but EVA suits do not, hence higher risk for spacewalk.
Yeah, thats next after summon
Thats exactly the idea. Whats not well understood is that Tesla cars being made *today* will be able to do that for you. Just a matter of finishing the software ; going through regulatory approval. Will be explained in depth via live webcast on April .
Ok, service might be able to do this. Will check.
Racing at mph in a tunnel under LA
Sure could use a good rave Whats your favorite techno
Great discussion about solar/batteries empowering rural communities
Good article on "Climate Change" vs "Global Warming" referred by
Everyone at Tesla receives stock. My comp is all stock/options, which I do not take off the table. Thats what youre missing.
Back in Boca
Maybe wise to bring it just in case
First few days probably /100, then , , etc.
Congratulations team! Thanks , much appreciated.
The D price takes into account exchange rate shifts, whereas other vehicle prices haven't yet been adjusted
And thanks very much to our suppliers ; logistics partners for coming through despite great difficulties!
For sure. Giga Berlin will build sustainable energy vehicles using sustainable energy, so net environmental impact will be extremely positive!
The remedy for that is changing the law
She was a great woman : In Memoriam, Nora Ephron, -2012
Important to read the Wash Post article. The unable to account for number does not refer to actual lost children. It refers to calls not answered or returned in a day period.
Somebody needs to tell Kim Jong-un that the showbiz phrase "break a leg" doesn't mean what he thinks it does
So long as air pressure in tube higher than water pressure, air will blow out ; water wont come in
Yikes
If Canadian government is suppressing peaceful protests, thats where fascism lies ; cartoonist is just a shill
This is a hard thing for us to do right now, as we dont have enough satellites with laser links and there are already geo sats that serve the Tonga region. That is why Im asking for clear confirmation.
I had too many bottles of Teslaquila!
We def want to avoid either, particularly Surface Detail ...
Sure
Yeah, its pretty weird
Model Standard Range+ with Autopilot lease is $399/month at , but lots of other EVs available:
Unmodified water tower machines do not work well for orbital rockets, as mass efficiency is critical for the latter, but not the former. Hopper, for example, was made of mm steel vs mm for SN1 orbital design. Optimized skins will be &lt;2mm in places across a mm diameter.
(Ahem)
Hoping for summer this year
Opening on /9
The fires are all too real
SpaceX will try to catch largest ever flying object with robot chopsticks. Success is not guaranteed, but excitement is!
Game on
Your union brothers
Aiming for this weekend!
Its mostly to balance the ship during entry. After delivering satellites, the front is light ; back is heavy due to engines ; landing legs.
We have amplified pre-delivery inspection to provide a stronger second layer of QA. Several parts being replaced as a result.
Sigh there should be a new supersonic jet, this time electric
Oh Model Y is coming too in a few years. Kinda have to.
Yes
Wild times!
True
Couldnt resolve all the rights issues. Will add another racing game soon.
SPQR
I love Wikipedia. Just gets better over time.
My favorite is one in tension, other DoF in compression. New Roadster wheels will only have one nut.
I am super super serious
Will start at ~2:15. Sorry for slight delay.
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
yes
Opening in about two weeks
Working with Weddle and Sons Roofing has been a great collaboration for accelerating Tesla Solar Roof installation! This is a lot of work, as tens of millions of homes need solar roofs! If you are a roofing company, please consider adding Solar Roof to your offerings.
Pretty much
Your Twitter comments are great btw!
good point
Yes, but we couldnt take a chance on nd stage failing its th maneuver. This mission was more complex than anything Im aware of in history of rockets. RIP center core, you did your duty well.
Yes. We also have to consider population life-months lost from lockdowns ; other restrictions vs life-months lost from any given disease.
They should double down on insanity of Cats. Right move.
Nose tip has forward movable fins, cold gas attitude control thrusters, header tanks for landing, composite pressure vessels, several large batteries, etc. Placed up there to balance high mass of Raptors ; rear fins at the bottom.
Stay tuned for a big Supercharger announcement in a few weeks. Definitely have you covered.
Holiday gift ideas
Starlink missions will move to Starship
Love Brunel. Great first name too.
Oh, its on
Penalizing sustainable energy is insane
soon
Great pics!
True
Nosecone ; front flaps next week. SN9 next month.
Are you good with sheep?
Why is there no emoji for dignity!!
MCU (infotainment computer) upgrade not recommended imo. Isnt needed for full self-driving ; cost is ~$2k for limited entertainment improvements.
I promise that we will make a pickup truck right after Model Y. Have had the core design/engineering elements in my mind for almost years. Am dying to build it.
Sorry to Tesla beta users for the trouble! Issue turned out to be power saving mode interacting with FSD. Our internal QA fleet didnt see this, because cars are constantly in use, so very rarely enter power saving mode. Internal QA will obv test this case going forward.
Falcon launch window is Sunday and Monday, assuming good weather at Vandenberg Air Force Base
Sure
Major improvements to Autopilot coming with V8.0 and software (std OTA update) primarily through advanced processing of radar signals
Building prototypes is relatively easy, volume production is hard
The robot future is coming
Halo Infinite campaign is good
If you want the Tesla Full Self-Driving Beta downloaded to your car, let us know. Doubling beta program size now with ; probably X size with . Still be careful, but its getting mature.
Getting close
Hes actually a lobbyist, not a journalist. There are many who pose as the latter while behaving like the former. No integrity. Indeed, there were no safety issues. The car simply slowed to ~2 mph ; continued forward if clear view with no cars or pedestrians.
Eurovision
There is no refreshed Model X or Model S coming, only a series of minor ongoing changes. Most significant change in past few years was to use high efficiency Model rear drive unit as S/X front drive unit. That went into production months ago.
Probably m for next gen system
We will push for ten flights with Starlink
Yes
Exactly. Were on the wrong planet for SSTO. No problem on Mars or any of the moons.
Vehicle alert seen show up automatically ; enable single touch request for service for that item either from the car screen or mobile app
Most likely
SpaceX will prob build to rocket cores for ~300 missions over years. Then BFR takes over ; Falcon retires. Goal of BFR is to enable anyone to move to moon, Mars ; eventually outer planets.
Good progress. Applying information theory to currency (which is just information), lower fees reduce noise ; faster ; more consistent sync time improve latency ; jitter.
I am not
Indeed
We may use it for an internal SpaceX mission
True
Latest Autopilot update is epic. Rolling out to all US owners with Enhanced Autopilot or Full Self-Driving option. International coming soon.
Illustrates why Tesla sales will soon exceed mass of universe
I was just out at the launch pad. Connector damaged in the storm, but fixed now. Might be able to fire tonight or at least get to the next issue.
Sorry, its been pretty intense lately
PC, of course
Ok
Seems likely
Wow, havent watched that video in ages. When we made that, no one in the space industry thought it would actually happen.
Have wanted to for so long, but that would be irresponsible
My job moonlighting as a police officer in Brazil is no longer secret
... on how to address threats of climate change. They do require a global response."
I'm auditioning to be a roofing spokesmodel in the greater Reno area
as long as I'm alive
Droneship is fine. No hull breach and repairs are minor. Impact overpressure is closer to a fast fire than an explosion.
Thanks for the feedback, will investigate
Exciting progress in Boca! Hopper almost ready to hover. Based on tonights test, looks like Hz Raptor vibration problem is fixed.
People are extremely unlikely to die of Covid/sars-cov2 alone. If you have multiple pre-existing health conditions ; a weak immune system, then you have significant mortality risk from many diseases (not just Covid/sars-cov2) that would otherwise have minor effect.
Can't put my finger on it, but for some reason the newsstand is looking particularly good right now
Absolutely
Nickel is our biggest concern for scaling lithium-ion cell production. Thats why we are shifting standard range cars to an iron cathode. Plenty of iron (and lithium)!
More of a pathfinder test. Actual payload bay door dimensions are still under debate. Volume is ~1000 cubic meters. Roomy
We are so tiny
Almost ready. We expanded the early access program to more users a few days ago.
v true
Some amount of cooperation would be good
Tesla AI, both hardware ; software, is deeply underestimated
Going to create a site where the public can rate the core truth of any article ; track the credibility score over time of each journalist, editor ; publication. Thinking of calling it Pravda
No, will be lower. Wheelbase can't fit .
Regarding .X to hardware update, that should happen in earnest in Q1. Software feature delta was zero until now, so not much point in doing it before then.
Physics can be thought of as the compression algorithms of reality
Due to a large increase in vehicle delivery volume in North America, Tesla customers may experience longer response times. Resolving this is our top priority.
Zip2 also built a newspaper publishing platform that brought hundreds of regional ; city papers online for the first time, and made major functionality advancements to the NY Times, Boston Globe ; Knight-Ridder websites. NYT, KR ; Hearst were all major investors in Zip2.
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Should mention that retrofitting to full self-driving hardware is very difficult. Cost delta is more than buying a new car. Wish it weren't.
Headed tank vent knocked off a few tiles
Superchargers will ultimately cover the entire region
Yeah, Liftoff is solid
Great shots by
Its about time I suppose
smol puppy math
Cool Model review by
Red sky of Mars is Blue at dawn ; dusk
Its not mine
OpenAI first ever to defeat world's best players in competitive eSports. Vastly more complex than traditional board games like chess ; Go.
Mars belongs to the Martians
Autopilot for HW2 rolling out to all HW2 cars today. Please be cautious. Some cars will require adjustment of camera pitch angle by service.
Those were the days!
I'm just saying that we should see what happens first. The actions may be surprising.
Nice compression
Turbo
LHD order page should be live within a few weeks. Deliveries start hopefully June/July.
Note, quality of experience can vary dramatically, as our neural nets have far more training data in some parts of the country than others, but this should improve rapidly with more driving in those regions.
Physics
Encounter in
Great mission patch design!
Oh hi guys lol
Back of the envelope calc: Merlin wd accelerate Model S at g's, so wd break sound barrier in &lt;1.5 sec
No kids though
Final report on Autopilot issued by is very positive
Particularly trying to understand the quieter bang sound a few seconds before the fireball goes off. May come from rocket or something else.
Sorry, noise reduction has gotten much better recently ; will continue to improve
Saw pressure fluctuations on Falcon boost stage liquid oxygen tank. Want to be super careful, so pushing launch to Thurs.
For sure!
Those who always disagree have a closed mind but, by their very nature, that wont sink in (sigh)
Ok
You dont have a soul, you are a soul
Great photo!
Becoming multiplanetary is essential to extending dramatically the probable lifespan of civilization
Quite a piece! I should credit Soviet/Russian engine work in the s as being a factor in deciding to switch from H2 to CH4. They demonstrated excellent performance on test stands, with Isp up to secs.
Death is the loss of information
Yes, switching soon to a series alloy with higher ductility at cryogenic temp. is good as sheet, but not as plate. Also, a lot of geometric changes.
If South Padre and/or Brownsville would like a Starship prototype, we can send one over
May need to increase size of rocket storage hangar
Most telling is that the SpaceX Propulsion CTO switched from driving a Porsche Turbo S to a Model X
Sure
View of Earth from upper stage rear view camera at miles
The graph that really matters
Not worth going below % imo. Even % is still fine. Also, no issue going to % or lower SoC.
Yes, dramatically improved imo
Seems likely that well be able to reuse fairings that soft-landed in the ocean. May not need net at all. Would still love to see the catch happen though
Thousands of anon/troll/bot accounts suddenly on the attack. Interesting.
He didnt own an emerald mine ; I worked my way through college, ending up ~$100k in student debt. I couldnt even afford a nd PC at Zip2, so programmed at night ; website only worked during day. Where is this bs coming from?
Comprehensive study by Autolist shows that a Tesla retains its value far better than gasoline sedans
Youre all hired!
So publicly stated she stans for Chanos, Teslas most prominent short-seller. In her words, he is one of the greatest. Her articles print Chanoss view verbatim. This is not journalism.
Maybe this should be the flag of Mars
The writer of this article had a problem with his V battery, so main pack was constantly charging it.
Will be on at :30pm Pacific on Thursday
Then you will really hate that Tesla scored /100 four years in a row on LGBTQ equality
His sick beats
Id recommend regular solar panels for flat roofs
Wow thats cool!
"smart" preconditioning should be less dumb in
Next quarter
End of year, along with FSD, provided we get regulatory approval. Smart Summon is just a subset of FSD.
Merlin fired at full thrust! Engine weighs half a ton, but has power equal to several Hoover Dams
Sounds great, will connect you with Tesla Energy
Still up to . Will probably fly with fewer initially in case it blows up.
You're welcome. Good conversation.
already partly here with rocket development, but will make it a lot bigger with the launch site
Great thread
Turn volume to ; play Powerglide in your Tesla
Maybe next week. Wed like to get to before expanding the beta.
Great idea
Yes
Its a long range battery with fewer cells. Non-cell portion of the pack is disproportionately high, but we can get it done now instead of ~February
Um yes
Looking into this. Will fix if so.
That was me after Cyberpunk Razor fight haha
That sums it up well!
Basically begging for it
Base Model available in Europe in ~6 months, Asia to months. Latter contingent on Shanghai Gigafactory. Country-specific taxes ; import duties mean price may be % or more above US number.
XPrize team will manage the $100M carbon capture prize
Waited to say something until after we fixed some of the options pricing (too high) and colors (too many similar)
Post test fuel leak, but no major damage
Raptor uses dual redundant torch igniters. Better long-term, but more finicky in development.
One of the all-time best songs
As Ive said before, I am definitely a Martian
Launch window always tight when orbital synch needed. In this case, Space Station. For Earth-Sun gravity null point, moon was in the way.
So few products that you truly love
Upcoming Falcon Heavy ; details
Turn on auto navigate feature ; car will activate traffic-based navigation to work, home or calendar, depending on context, as soon as you sit down. No input required at all.
Bitcoin is actually highly centralized, with supermajority controlled by handful of big mining (aka hashing) companies. A single coal mine in Xinjiang flooded, almost killing miners, and Bitcoin hash rate dropped %. Sound decentralized to you?
Hoping to open in Slovakia, Croatia, Serbia ; most of Eastern Europe early next year. Finally, we will do Nikola Tesla proud by having his cars in his countries of origin!
The singularity for this level of the simulation is coming soon. I wonder what the levels above us look like. Good chance they are less interesting and deeper levels are better. So far, even our primitive sims are often more entertaining than reality itself.
AI in a box that is a hall of mirrors from the inside
Great interviewer!
Thanks! We are taking some key steps to reduce satellite brightness btw. Should be much less noticeable during orbit raise by changing solar panel angle ; all sats get sunshades starting with launch .
Yezz
No, but definitely this year
Youre most welcome!
In end, we kept production design almost exactly same as show car. Just some small tweaks here ; there to make it slightly better. No door handles. Car recognizes you ; opens door. Having all four wheels steer is amazing for nimble handling ; tight turns!
Appears to be a wiring/connector issue
bs
Thats for sure!
Also $2500 tax credit for California ; $500 to $800 utility incentive
If you ever wanted to know the *real* truth about the moon landings ...(best Onion article ever)
Satellites with lasers in space [strokes white cat]
Preparing to launch a Thaicom satellite to geostationary super-sync orbit at pm Florida time
Stop being a chad
story tall rocket, traveling several times faster than a bullet, backflips ; fires engines to return to launch site
Teslaquila coming soon
Or maybe weak turrets to allow more strategic degrees of freedom
Numeric
Humanity shall return!!
SN9
Depends on how the limited beta goes. If it goes well, maybe a month or so.
Happy birthday, Malala! Happy to support.
At mission control in California. Launch in mins. Looks good so far.
Anyone whos interested in working on cutting edge manufacturing designing ; building the machine that makes the machine please consider working at Tesla or SpaceX. Were gonna take this to a whole new level!
Venus would be very difficult
Dragon spaceship opens the navigation pod bay door without hesitation. So much nicer than HAL9000
Yeah, its borderline. FB influence is slowly creeping in.
Dont Doubt ur Vibe
Baby X is just like this haha
But it must be open source accounting, so the public sees precisely how the money is spent.
HG2G
Its true
Delamain AI cabs should be able to drive themselves when youre in them ; be electric by
Bold move
Chamber pressure is almost X Merlin, so engine is about the same size for a given area ratio
was an extremely tough year on every level
Even more
True
POV Hardcore
Tesla Giga Shanghai team has done amazing work!
Should mention that Tesla Motors itself had nothing to do with the short movie. This was completely independent.
launched a rocket into the northern lights
exactly
At Disney World w kids for traditional prelaunch visit (first good flight was after riding Space Mountain)
Only see about % of mentions. No deep logic to those I answer. Aspirationally useful, but often whimsical.
A few last minute concerns about this build. Release likely on Sunday or Monday. Sorry for the delay.
Yes, Autopilot max speed is mph above speed limit off highway or mph on highway
Good Forbes article on Tesla/SolarCity merger
Yes, when it comes to physics, make sure Newton is on your side
Exactly. Were on the wrong planet for SSTO. No problem on Mars or any of the moons.
lol
In recent years, hours were much higher. Dont recommend though bad for health ; happiness. But no choice or Tesla would die. Hope to reduce to hours next year.
Orbital launch mount
This is why a small company with tight focus ; high energy can beat a big company without
We fought the Balrog last year
free Babel fish provided
We worked so hard to create that exact view. Seat rails flush with floor on a rear-slanted monopost.
Regen (using motor) braking means brake pads almost never need to be replaced
It's who is first to pay full price for the car. Hard rule. I have first Roadster and X, but not first S.
DKE in a nutshell: were almost always dumber than we think we are
Yeah. Occasional flights from land are ok, but frequent (daily) flights probably need ~30km / miles clear area for noise.
Even if inevitable, we should at least attempt to postpone the advent of AI weaponry. Sooner isn't better.
. is savage
Hold Strong Ukraine
I would def recommend this
Chris was an early employee of SpaceX, and made a significant contribution, but was not a cofounder
Do androids dream of electric cars?
they were earlier drafts that I accidentally published. I said the same thing a week already.
Wait until you see what Cybertruck will do
We will need launch tower for that. Hook height for the lift is ~140 m ; both booster ; ship need to be stabilized at stage separation joint.
Both, but demo Starship is being built now, whereas Super Heavy hardware will start getting built in spring
We know well run out of dead dinosaurs to mine for fuel ; have to use sustainable energy eventually, so why not go renewable now ; avoid increasing risk of climate catastrophe? Betting that science is wrong ; oil companies are right is the dumbest experiment in history by far
Dragon returning from orbit
k terminals shipped!
Feature coming soon that allows one touch access to all discovered Tesla Easter eggs
Dojo isnt needed, but will make self-driving better. It isnt enough to be safer than human drivers, Autopilot ultimately needs to be more than times safer than human drivers.
Just passed a place called the Sugar Shack in a Louisiana swamp. I wonder what happens there?
Occasional existential dread is inevitable if you think at all about the future
True, it has general applications beyond fast, high precision micro-electrode insertion that automatically avoids the vasculature
Umm ...
Yeah, dual motor AWD is super fun!
Starlink will be a revolution in connectivity, especially for remote regions or for emergency services when landlines are damaged
Wow, Model A. Thats cool.
Falcon experienced a problem shortly before first stage shutdown. Will provide more info as soon as we review the data.
All Tesla Supercharger stations in regions affected by California power outages will have Tesla Powerpacks within next few weeks. Just waiting on permits.
Want to clarify that as individuals, the people responsible for the high costs ; long timelines are almost all well-meaning, but the system of incentives is messed up
Case closed
Will be doing the LA-NY family road trip over Spring Break. Made everyone watch National Lampoon's Vacation as prep.
sea level optimized Raptors, vacuum optimized Raptors (big nozzle)
I know of two nurses who had their job offers revoked, one in NYC and one in Arlington
Your support makes a big difference! Please let the FAA know your opinion.
Physics ftw
Said another way, Falcon Heavy has /3 thrust of Saturn V. Starship/Super Heavy will have double thrust of Saturn V.
Done. Im feeling ; Im feeling navigation buttons coming with next software release.
Absolutely, but to move to Mk3 design. This had some value as a manufacturing pathfinder, but flight design is quite different.
Besides, I already said we'd add more independent members during SCTY merger. Will announce soon, but this group has nothing to do with it.
Depends on total system efficiency ; how long the propellant plant can run to refill Starship, so to MW as a rough guess
Exciting progress at Starbase, Texas!
Absolutely
mins to Starship test flight attempt
Your GPS just got slightly better
Yes, but still a bit too limited on range. That will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
So are tunnels
Will be building a Hyperloop test track for companies and student teams to test out their pods. Most likely in Texas.
Btw, if anyone else wants to build this tunnel, please do so. Its a lot of work.
mins to launch
Yeah, legs are hydraulic pistons ; abdomen is the accumulator
SpaceX launching satellite Doge-1 to the moon next year Mission paid for in Doge st crypto in space st meme in space To the mooooonnn!!
Important news in a few hours
One of the biggest reusability improvements was fast leg stow. Version sometimes took days.
Youre a docile puppet of the UAW. Be honest about what you are.
Making progress
Yeah
The world's population is accelerating towards collapse, but few seem to notice or care
A few more revisions needed. Probably Beta or .
Good thread
Or maybe pegging
People read too much into this level of detail. Its not useful for predicting the future, nor can we ourselves accurately predict what issues we will encounter on a short-term, fine-grained level.
They have an old version of our software ; dont have our NN inference computer
Will discuss with my product team next week, but probably
Sure, it could be an option in settings
Announcing the amazing Tesla Model W
Cool
At some point. Features are prioritized by importance * number of owners likely to benefit.
Note, should be refill, not refuel. ~78% of propellant is liquid oxygen, only ~22% is fuel.
Cool
In work
Hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
An evolutionary asymmetry helpful to survival, but counterproductive when survival is not at stake
thanks!
Hopefully, next year
Coming soon
Kinda like Snoop Dug
I have seen no evidence of an advanced civilization visiting Earth. Fuzzy pics that are worse than a /11 security cam frame grab dont count!
With less than B miles, there simply isn't enough data. B is a necessary but not necessarily sufficient condition.
Cover drops on May . Actual flight design hardware of crew Dragon, not a mockup.
Spin start from COPVs so the ox ; fuel turbines spool up super fast in unison. A precise start with full flow staged combustion is very important.
Lots of fake accounts on Twitter characterized by high following/follower ratio to make it seem like many real people when it isnt. Wonder why.
Yeah, but stopped doing physically risky things after the kids were born
The custom styling some of the team is doing over their masks is really cool!
The remake has the potential to be great. I kinda liked the original tbh, but its possible to take it up a level.
Fairly heavy metal, but extremely strong
Yeah
Dance Dance
SpaceX is doing simultaneous competing builds of Starship in Boca Chica Texas ; Cape Canaveral Florida
FSD beta build V8.1 normally drives me around with no interventions. Next version is a big step change beyond that. Tesla is solving a major part of real-world AI. This is not widely known.
Across the road and below the ground
Tesla merch buyable with Dogecoin
SN8 did great! Even reaching apogee wouldve been great, so controlling all way to putting the crater in the right spot was epic!!
Thats the goal
It is ~98% done, but the remaining tiles are unique shapes requiring machining
The flight grid fins look like the ones on this test we did, but larger:
Acceptable, if your drivetrain is very efficient ; you add a little manga
Perhaps slightly more confident, but its essential to view this as output vs time. As with all manufacturing, especially new technology, output will follow an S-curve. Very slow at first, but increasing exponentially, then linear, then logarithmic.
So long as air feed rate exceeds leak rate, tube remains inflated. This is how bouncy castles or inflatable mazes work. Needs very little power as the work (physics def of work) done is low. Pumping out water faster than it enters the cave system is prob X to X more power.
Tesla Model S named top model in perceived quality via
Sure. Trax will get much better ; more fun. This is an alpha version.
Good chance something will slip, but, yeah, Sunday is intense
Similar timing
Exactly
What are your fav short shorts?
Thats pretty much what happened
Generally agree, but probability of thermal runaway is dangerously high with large pouch cells. Tesla strongly recommends against their use.
Actually, we still operate our California factory, which is the largest auto plant in North America, at full capacity and are considering expanding it significantly. It has built /3 of all electric vehicles in North America, twice as much as all other carmakers combined.
I love the sight of Teslas in the morning. Production line review is looking good!
Not moths tho
Just meeting with Larry Ellison to seek some advice. Back working on Tesla end of quarter tomorrow.
On the rocket LZ
Canadian truckers rule
So many tubes
God Fire
We should try our best
It finally almost doesnt suck
No matter what, we need to pressurize the production system. Rocket design is relatively easy, making one is hard, making many is extremely hard. Manufacturing is underrated.
Its our best car ever, along with the Plaid X
Coming soon. Crazy number of launches this year!
Indeed it was
Obviously
Excellent analysis
Its a bit slow
Ignition by John Clarke, Huzel ; Wang book on propulsion, Asimov's Foundation, Heinlein's MiaHM
Thanks Bob! He is a tough critic.
New spacesuit almost done. Hoping to unveil by end of year.
Launch trajectory of Japanese commercial satellite JCSat-14, enroute to km above Earth
Tanks for the memery! Panzer of the Lake
Yes
Sure
of course I still love you
Coming
Yes
Gwynne rocks! Starlink will probably be a little bumpy at first, but then improve rapidly.
Turns on city street intersections is the big one
Winds aloft are unusually high (still within structural safety bounds). Worrying, but not a showstopper.
Yeah
Yeah, good idea to offer that as a setting
It's probably the Ambien
Long road to reusabity of Falcon primary boost stageWhen upper stage ; fairing also reusable, costs will drop by a factor &gt;100.
Nothing wrong with healthy competition, but this seems a little over-the-top. Would be cool if spacecraft could travel from one space station to another (which is much harder than it seems!).
. ahem
k
Depending on progress with Booster , we might try a engine firing on Booster
Horses are even self-driving!
I have never written or said this. Ashlee's book was not independently fact-checked. Should be taken w a grain of salt.
I sure hope so, but we can't take that for granted
Really?
Amazing work over many years by SpaceX engineering/production/launch teams to get (almost) there
Single camera view of the meter rocket hover
With rare exceptions, composites would make Starship heavier. They dont stand up well to high temperatures, but steel does great.
Absolutely doable. Possibly as soon as Neuralink device version , highly likely by version .
One of my sons is named Xavier, after Professor X!
Yeah, provided we do our metal gear snake autocoupler
km/h
New uWu
Hopefully flying tomorrow
Looks cool
Sagan was awesome
For sure
Space is easy, orbit is hard
Lifting lower section of Starship
Heard about it. Our experience doing projects with big car companies was not great. They move slowly ; are reluctant to adopt new tech.
m
Frankly, I dont even know what plethora means
Origin of Doge Day Afternoon: The ancient Romans sacrificed a Dogecoin at the beginning of the Doge Days to appease the rage of Sirius, believing that the star was the cause of the hot, sultry weather.
Thats my safe word too
I thought nothing could be nuttier than
Prince Albert ; Princess Charlene drove a Tesla around the track to open Monaco! The honor is much appreciated
Merry Christmas Hope youre enjoying latest software update!
Please buff Torbs turret!
This will work on entire S ; X fleet, even first production units. Cool thing about software upgrades is that we can keep making your car better long after you bought it.
Yes
Model X as it should be shown
Exactly. Giga Shanghai makes cars for export in first half of quarter, then cars for far away parts of China, then cars for nearby parts of China. Net result is a crazy wave of deliveries end of quarter. It is tough on our team, so were hoping to reduce the wave in Q4 ; Q1.
Just planning on keeping the public informed about progress ; setbacks. Will be some RUDs along the way, but excitement is guaranteed!
First tunnel for The Boring Company begins ... Full length of first tunnel will run from LAX to
Yes
I tried to warn them, but they just dug their own grave twice as fast!
Indeed
Just rewatched True Romance
Glad youre ok
Manganese also requires less lithium, as it operates at higher voltage
Is Space Jam good?
Launch underway
Autopilot was trapped in a local maximum, labeling single camera images uncorrelated in time. Now, it is not.
This is a metaphor for transparency. Also, f* underwear.
Thanks for supporting Tesla and the EV mission before anyone had heard of us
We should def make it good to hang out there
Yes
Rough beta in to weeks
Soon
Yes, if there is no listener, a simulation probably wouldnt spend computing power on sound
Coming this year
Well said by
Exactly. And you can on the moon, since it has no atmosphere.
So shall we all
About to finish first TBC HQ building made with Boring Bricks in the shape of a medieval watchtower
Wake up sheeple! - sheep
Ship landings are not needed for flexibility or to save fuel costs. Just not physically possible to return to launch site
There are some eerie parallels between The Boring Company ; Vault-Tec. We also built our first demonstration tunnel/vault in LA.
Oh so little faith
One persons MRI machine is anothers railgun! Made a primitive one when I was studying physics at Penn. Hard to wield though.
wow
Pretty much
I will ask Dan for some tips!
Conservation of energy tells you the answer
The Big Bang started very, very sml
Just spoke with crew. All is well.
If the alarming collapse in birth rate continues, civilization will indeed die with a whimper in adult diapers
Finders keepers
Also, Tesla was competing for some of same people as OpenAI ; I didnt agree with some of what OpenAI team wanted to do. Add that all up ; it was just better to part ways on good terms.
Just some used Antminer L3+ rigs bought off eBay. Not really economic, but it was a fun family project.
High latitudes are operational probably this summer
Illuminaughty haha
Tesla software V10 is lookin real good! Releasing to early access list soon
Impressive!
Thanks again to cast, writers ; crew! Honor ; pleasure to do the show with you.
Thanks John, really admire you too! I think youre one of the best engineers ever. Hope you return to working on rockets one day.
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but its a step in the right direction
Mostly for employees, but well support public access whenever its safe ; secure. Public support is critical to making life multiplanetary.
Agreed, taxes are best applied to (especially extravagant) consumption, whereas capital allocation taxes reduce goods ; services output, so actually bad for the people. Probable capital allocation skill of heirs is lower than original creator, so I am in favor of an estate tax.
Interesting
Making progress
More like
Very dependent on volume, but Im confident moving to Mars (return ticket is free) will one day cost less than $500k ; maybe even below $100k. Low enough that most people in advanced economies could sell their home on Earth ; move to Mars if they want.
The rocket fleet grows
Tesla China Team Such amazing progress!!
New technology development schedules tend to exhibit a version of Zenos Paradox at any given point, youre halfway there
Haha true
Btw, critical feedback is always super appreciated, as well as ways to donate money that really make a difference (way harder than it seems)
I love Dilbert! Use it all the time to illustrate that were doing something wrong at Tesla/SpaceX if it could be a Dilbert cartoon irl. This happens more often than Id like (sigh).
Dragon Dawn
Sounds fishy. How did that go down?
Twin Peaks
Meeting with in a building called
Coming hopefully later this year
Counting down to the first SpaceX launch from the Apollo launch pad tomorrow morning (webcast
For sure
Engineering, design ; general company operations absorb vast majority of my mind ; are the fundamental limitation on doing more. Capital allocation is important, but low CPU load. Tesla public company duties are a much bigger factor, but going private is impossible now (sigh).
Tesla will deliver your car to you. This is the future. The way it should work.
Yes
Im driving this program personally, as is the case for almost all new programs
New kernel goes out next weekend, new web browser next month. Radar-only braking is getting steadily better for both HW and .
Laminar air flow due to a completely smooth bottom is underappreciated
Our biggest challenge is supply chain, especially microcontroller chips. Never seen anything like it. Fear of running out is causing every company to overorder like the toilet paper shortage, but at epic scale. That said, its obv not a long-term issue.
Love reddit. Gandel gets shredded ; won't even answer top upvoted questions. Some really funny comments about Koch
And that is a very tiny fraction of the ~4 megatons of mass that the sun converts to energy every second
He looks good even for a -year-old!
Figure of speech
Weve already done a lot of iteration on ship. For rapid reusability, booster must return to launchpad, so inert mass impacts ascent, boostback ; landing burns. Triple whammy. Also, booster flight rate is ~5X that of ship, so multiple mass $ cost by .
Would love to do a pickup truck. Something w ultra low cg for sports car handling, dynamic air suspension ; mega torque.
The sheer size of Falcon Heavy is mind-blowing. It could literally send a fully loaded London bus to the moon.
Highway stack is still production version, as it is more polished than FSD for now. Single stack for all should release in .
Dojo
Interview and Tesla factory tour with Gayle King
Shoulda seen it coming
Sounds like the Tesla Powerwall (consumer) and Powerpack (utility/commercial) might be useful
int main(){}
For other countries, we pay in part for the local factory by selling cars there ahead of time. Also, gives a sense of demand. Current rules in India prevent that, but recent changes in sales tax give hope for future changes.
Technically, I "got rich" from Zip2 ; PayPal w zero govt anything, then put % of that into SpaceX, Tesla ; SolarCity.
Certainly no problem for a trillion operations per second computer to make ~15 steering/acceleration/braking maneuvers per second. Thats a trillion calculations between each output command.
Anti-matter def wins on energy density
It would be so inspiring for humanity to see humanity return to the moon!
Pretty good
As soon as major construction is done, so maybe in a few months
Almost ready. Im testing it personally this weekend.
Mary Beth was an amazing assistant for over yrs, but as company complexity grew, the role required several specialists vs one generalist
Both will do original cars
Did it for the memes
Braking ; UI upgrades apply to all Model s. Improved windshield for aero noise ; suspension for ride comfort are major ops. Unless youre really bothered by them, dont replace. Best way to improve ride is drop tire pressure to ~39 psi. psi is best range, but lower comfort.
A mask or nose ventilator with moderately increased oxygen % will help. This is common in hospitals. Intubation, where a tube is jammed down your throat under sedation ; youre fed high pressure, pure oxygen for several days to weeks is questionable.
I said dankest not darkest omg
Probably our most viral feature ever. Most of the Autopilot team has been working on this, led by Ashok, CJ, Andrej ; many others.
Other rocket engines were designed for no (or almost no) reuse. Raptor is designed for heavy ; immediate reuse, like an aircraft jet engine, with inspections required only after many flights, assuming instrumentation shows it good. Using hydrostatic bearings certainly helps.
Model X races a gasoline sports car while towing a sports car
some are good tho
All systems go, except the movement trace of an upper stage engine steering hydraulic piston was slightly odd. Standing down to investigate.
Falcon Heavy in foreground on Launch Complex A and Falcon in background on
I have one
yes, altitude improves performance for electric. Opposite of combustion cars.
Room to improve
Seriously
Aiming for sub ms latency initially, sub ms over time, with much greater consistency than terrestrial links, as only ever a few hops to major data centers
Super messed up situation!
Sometimes even I think were the same person!
Cant emphasize this enough
Expect rapid improvement with pure vision
For engine config, are mounted outboard under landing leg fairings
The Spice Flows
I actually ate the sandwich haha!
Yeah, I feel pretty normal. No symptoms right now. Last week, I had symptoms of a minor cold. Ive had some brutal flu/cold experiences, but this was mild ; hopefully over.
New uWu
There is no slowdown of the Gigafactory construction underway, as anyone near Reno with eyes can verify. It's not subtle.
I use twitter for news orgs. My Insta has same women as men. What's up with the phoney PC police axe-grinding?
To be clear, Fremont ; Shanghai will also be upgraded over time, but its hard to retrofit these improvements to an operating paint shop
Norway leads the world
Well said
Hopefully worldwide long-term, but insurance is a regulatory labyrinth/escape room!
Hell of a coincidence haha
Going out this week for X and outside North America
Glad you like it! Navigate on Autopilot hopefully approved for Europe soon.
Important to support
Please dont read too much into this. As mentioned publicly, Tesla is constrained by chip supply short-term ; cell supply long-term. Not possible to produce additional vehicles in volume until both constraints are addressed.
You should be voted out of office
Big difference between taxing people and taxing purchases (ie consumption). Much better to emphasize the latter.
Yes
Up there somewhere, cruising through deep space
Deriving moments of inertia from first principles
Dragon hover test
Heat will breathe life into Mars
Wow, thanks!
Maybe call Tesla solar roof tiles product Solarglass? Like Dragonglass, but solar!
Goodbye
Its true, the pressure bulkheads are too pointy
Ja
Space is the new air
Edge and contour refinement are ongoing. Even .1mm matters.
Drone cam
Read the whole article
Super proud of Tesla Autopilot team!
yeah, not the best birthday
Laws of thermodynamics: . You cant win . You cant break even . You cant stop playing
Great image of ancient Mars
Of Quotes from , need correcting: . I strongly support pregnancy leave . I've never called myself a samurai
Yeah, I counted
It releases internally today, then rolls out to external beta in a few days if no significant issues are found
The swivel wing design was cool. This seems like a good idea:
Rocket hits hard at ~45 deg angle, smashing legs and engine section
Wanted to build an electric car company in college. Was going to do PhD at Stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the Internet.
~20m up ; sideways for first flight. Mk1 Starship hopefully km up in a few months.
Lot of ways to melt ; join steel. Mostly just needs to be welded consistently ; with precise parts.
Yes, that is the other major source of dilution. All employees receive stock after a year at Tesla and we now have over employees worldwide.
Yes
Bernies tax rate is % too high!
Workin on it. One of my boys maybe gonna make this here candy.
Spaceport design is cool
This is a pretty awful lie. I left South Africa by myself when I was with just a backpack ; suitcase of books. Worked on my Moms cousins farm in Saskatchewan ; a lumber mill in Vancouver. Went to Queens Univ with scholarship ; debt, then same to UPenn/Wharton ; Stanford.
Mr Buffett, please stop destroying Dairy Queen. In the name of all that is holy, please stop.
X will also improve by a similar amount
Yes
There are sketchy edits to Tesla wiki that whitewash Eberhards problems/glorify his role. Pretty odd. I was interim CEO/co-CEO from July . Michael Marks was co-CEO for ~Q4 ; Zeev Drori for Q1 to ~Q3 . After Q3 financing round bust, no choice but to be CEO.
Turn on Starlink only when needed and place antenna away as far away from people as possible
Its all the secondary structure that concerns me, not engines ; primary airframe
The turbine also spins though. Partially combusted gas drives the turbine wheel, which is attached to a shaft that turns the inducer ; impellers.
Were adding this here catchy tune to the music maker in the Tesla!
Agreed ; such a heartwarming photo
Yes, really enjoyed it, although wish shed made it up to sky city
Now, he can bench press a rhino
You raise a good point haha
Giga is designed to self-power via solar panels (primarily), wind ; geo, using its own batteries to store electricity at night.
Kids are essentially immune, but elderly with existing conditions are vulnerable. Family gatherings with close contact between kids ; grandparents probably most risky.
Tesla Autopilot/AI team
Please consider this a commitment that I will fund fixing the water in any house in Flint that has water contamination above FDA levels. No kidding.
Accurate
Yer welcome son
SpaceX standard antenna production rises rapidly this year, so those with orders shouldnt have to wait long. Note, Starlink can only support a limited number of users in an area, so best to order early.
And the rocket's red glare, the bombs bursting in air
Big communication penalty for remote work, which means the gain in talent that wont move has to be very high
Initial production at Giga Berlin is Model Y
Already did. Meant to go longer, but ran out of time.
Me too
Tesla keeps temp below C/105F by automatically venting cabin ; turning on AC when needed. Can do this for up to a year on a full charge.
American, but born in South Africa. Left by myself when I was .
Whoa, that does look good!
Raptor liberated its oxygen turbine stator (appears to be mechanical, not metal combustion failure), so we need to update the design ; replace some parts. Production is ramping exponentially, though. SN6 almost done. Aiming for an engine every hours by end of year.
All great! Mel Brooks
Tesla can provide heating/cooling/lights/music for days using battery
Some carmakers are trying hard
Yes, probably ; partially
True
Note, buying FSD will still be a better long-term deal than subscription
Almost anything. Length/diameter is much lower ; Starship doesnt have a hammerhead fairing that acts like main sail.
Actual data reference CHHS
Functionality still looking good for this year. Regulatory approval is the big unknown.
Would be great to hear from people who know a lot about the PCR testing industry. Whats the approximate false positive rate, all things considered, for cov2 PCR tests?
Rather than correcting itself, the lower birth rate trend appears to be accelerating
Not allowed, according to HK regulations. Happy to do it if regs change.
And many other things
Radar
I hope so
Already have one
Very soon, sorry for the delay
Start taking orders in April
Exactly
Will give an update tonight for the day total, then last one on Wed for the full week. All efforts focused on accelerating the ramp.
Yup
Thanksgiving in the Rockies. Love my bro . Radishing t-shirt courtesy of his company,
Autonomous SpaceX droneship, A Shortfall of Gravitas
I don't know what make you think that's a rocket. It's completely covered in a tarpaulin...
Am donating $100M towards a prize for best carbon capture technology
Solid work by Keen, as usual
Actually true
No, its cumulative, but once you win one of the prizes, referral count resets to zero ; you cant win that prize again. Intent over time is to enable those without a massive social media presence to win.
[Satire]
Good conversation with head of FAA Space. Need a bit more hazard analysis ; should be clear to fly soon.
Its quite hard for us to write the software needed to cover basic car functionality, but maybe we could do something of this nature
Read Das Kapital when I was , incl cross-checking English translation of original German. Adam Smith FTW obv. Ironically, future automation will naturally lead to greater equality of consumption. Monopolies are true enemy of people. Competing to serve is good.
Regarding the meeting at the White House:
No ; not possible at this scale
only just gained access to physical vehicle
yup
There is a profound difference between single-planet ; multiplanet species. If we are able to visit other stars one day, we may discover many long-dead single-planet civilizations.
So its finally come to this
Door hinge
I do think that great design ; engineering of products are critical, but manufacturing ; supply chain require orders of magnitude more work
Will be live streaming the Gigafactory launch party tonight. Check this eve.
Agreed. Thats approximately date when we expect Enhanced Summon to be in wide release. It will be magical. Lot of hard work by Autopilot team.
Can order online in mins for home delivery ; return in days for full refund
Soon
Top AI researchers agree on principles for developing benefical AI
There's crazy, there's batsh*t crazy, then there's North Korea crazy...
Thats what I had in mind
Cant get it up (to orbit) lol
Haha sure
Will attempt to fly later this week
Naughtius Maximus
Thanks
Buca
Tesla Superchargers ; service centers coming to Kazakhstan this year
Initially Model , later Y
Looks like twitter is compressing the image
While the rocket does look rather tall ; tippy, a stable landing is no problem with proper throttle response
That ; Giga Berlin are why Im headed to Germany this week. Conversations with Harvard epidemiology confirmed that a high-speed RNA printer has potential be helpful for vaccines ; cures in many areas.
If Im not a communist, why do I make red cars
Probably June
Filing legal actions against SpaceX is *actually* his full-time job
Inconceivable! Whod say a thing like that!?
Yeah, seems odd that Tesla wasnt invited
Beyond anything you can imagine
a river
Im such a bad public speaker! Damn.
P85 acceleration will also improve, but not quite as much
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation to the many Australians who came out in support of the battery plan, especially
Revolutions don't happen if you just roll over to the powers that be. Got to fight for what you believe. That's why
Rockets ; spacecraft have to operate in vacuum, so maintaining pressure is fundamental. However, this can be made very safe over time imo.
Exactly
sure
No physical changes to the engine. This thrust increase is based on delta qual tests. It is just tougher than we thought.
Pretty good summary, although national pride is underweighted relative to economics. Latter serves former, not other way around. The foundational issue imo, which this video doesnt ignore, is low birth rate. After all, what good is land with no people?
Absolutely. Tesla already went through this in China with employees. Zero fatalities or serious illnesses.
For now. Costs are decreasing rapidly.
is close, so just jumping to that
That sounds correct. Tom certainly deserves a lot of credit for his excellent work on those engines! Dean Ono too for Kestrel ; Draco.
I just sent a note to Twitter to clarify that posting SpaceX videos is fine by us and we paid for rights to Bowie song for the Falcon Heavy launch
Yeah, but might not need it
That seems unlikely
Sure ...
Starship is the key to making life multiplanetary ; protecting the light of consciousness
Much better chess engine coming
Yup, we need to do that
Opens Dec
Tesla software knits together Google Voice, Slacker, Gracenote ; others and streams over G (will be LTE later)
Liam Neeson's "Life's Too Short" sketch is super funny
Olde skoole analog synthesizer from ancient Britain
In advance of this, please try to hack Starlink ; Tesla Mothership!
Exactly. Problems like that have been addressed.
GAO
And I dont trust that Engels guy. He could have made up most of nd ; rd volumes. Nobody actually knows.
Why watch it happen instead of helping making it happen?
True haha
Will do an open call Q;A
If this is the only issue, flight would be fine, but need to make sure that it isn't symptomatic of a more significant upstream root cause
S3XY
How many views?
All sats launched next year will have laser links. Only our polar sats have lasers this year ; are v0.9.
Sorry, many unexpected challenges with cars coming through Zeebrugge first time. Cars will start moving out in volume tomorrow.
Tesla sure would appreciate changing the law, so that this is not required!
Seeing B pillar (diagonal fwd) ; side repeater (diagonal back) camera views would probably help for tight situations. We can enable access to these views. Also, no problem to have option to disable auto lock for home.
Dueling Dwarf Vader while dressed as a knight and using a parasol for a sword
Single biggest threat to future of civilization imo
When u take DayQuil ; NyQuil at same time
Yes
To preserve the transcendent majesty ; specialness of The Boring Company cap, we are capping cap orders at caps. Almost there ...
Sounds good
March rd
Yes, Model Performance will have red calipers ; sport level brakes
Tesla response to the misleading Fortune articles about Autopilot
Embrace tunnels!
Thanks Sam!
The big rear wing is only on for one day for rear downforce calibration. Isnt needed to set ring record ; wont be in the production car.
Our satellites launching in next few months have inter-satellite laser links, so no local downlink needed. Probably active in to months.
Painting the name on the droneship ...
Not saying it solves everything, mind you, but its a step in the right direction
Happy Home Planet Day!
: Soft water landing of Falcon rocket booster. Full update:
There are many good legal systems on par with US. Just don't know any that are better.
I just sent a note to Tesla service to take care of your car right away ; our HVAC engineering lead to fix root cause
Or maybe Temperature Enhancement Device
Jet A (kerosene) has much higher energy density than Li-ion, but electric motors weigh much less ; convert stored energy to motion better than combustion engines
Whether Z-pak works in this situation or not, its a kickass med for many maladies
Dave, I know youre a fan, but this is a silly question. I dont drive programs because I want to, but because I have to.
All hardware is at the Cape. Need to do static fire and reconfigure for flight. Launch probably late Nov / early Dec.
Solar roof can be ordered for almost any country. Deployment this year in the US and overseas next year.
Because it's off the wall
Should just be due to your config not avail yet. If not lmk.
Wont be today, hopefully tomorrow
bar is achievable, maybe even
Yes, very sad news. Tony was great.
Good idea!
SLS makes me feel sad
Yes, probably within next to months
Neuralinks are currently meant for mature brains ; functionality is lost if removed. Rewiring of neurons is certainly possible, but wont make up for loss of the Link.
Accurate thread
Yes
Just SX500 so far, but we use many superalloys developed by others, eg Inco +. If anyone has ++, that would be helpful haha. Massive engineering work in the casting, printing ; machining of Raptor far more than in design of the engine itself!
Now with actual picture
Good point
I actually asked Ashlee Vance not to write the book several times. Inevitably, some things are wrong and then those errors are repeated for years.
Gravitas is overrated
Do it
Congratulations!
Love Awesomo
I mostly drive Model S Performance with dev version of FSD computer. Our new Raven powertain ; adaptive damping suspension is great! Next is Model P ; then X if driving with my kids. Acceleration is fun on tap!
SpaceX SuperDraco inconel rocket chamber w regen cooling jacket emerges from EOS D metal printer
Full Interplanetary Tranport System presentation in ~30 mins. Simulation preview:
Haha true
Sorry, Drag Times is correct, Top Gear is wrong
Launch in minutes
Just donated
Making this work has been / still is super difficult, but its a revolution in car body design ; production lighter, tighter, better NVH, higher precision, lower capex, lower unit cost
SpaceX rocket factory as seen from space
Tesla Model S Plaid is alien technology
Beta will start uploading at midnight California time on Friday. Bear in mind, it is still just a beta!
A fully ; rapidly reusable orbital rocket is fundamental to extending life beyond Earth. Propellant cost is roughly a th of vehicle cost (unless using a foolish propellant). Same principle as cars, planes, boats, etc.
Will do
Cant wait for new high bay!
Tues/Wed
Yeah, feels like something is messed up with Apple news app. Almost only ever shows negative news. Nickname is the hate stream
Happy birthday, Jared!
Herbert Diess is doing more than any big carmaker to go electric. The good of the world should come first. For what its worth, he has my support.
Cars ; trucks stuck in traffic generate megatons of toxic gases ; particulate, but road tunnels under Miami would solve traffic ; be an example to the world. Spoke with about tunnels last week. If Governor ; Mayor want this done, we will do it.
Haha true. Yet, still, so much dignity is ascribed to horses!
Approximately correct. We also fire the ACS thrusters to rotate the vehicle ; ignite Raptors at full gimbal angle to complete the turn.
Thanks Jeff
Between $100B and $10T
Texas and Florida Starship prototypes (not Hopper) fly in to months
Turn off AC recirc, so that cool air flows out thru rear vents ; get IR coating on rear glass.
Accurate analysis. Quite a few ego/intelligence&gt;&gt;1 people in your comment thread haha. Neither MobilEye nor Nvidia, which are certainly good companies, could meet any of our capability, schedule, cost or power requirements.
Wow, accurate analysis!
Will definitely do that on my next trip
There are several dozen ship names in the Culture series, but I liked those best
Soon, that list will grow much longer as humanity reaches new heights!
That and Paint It Black will both be uploaded for free as Easter (holiday?) eggs
Congratulations Tesla China for amazing execution last year. Now on to the next for even more!!
There's a plot!?
Impressive render. Warts ; all! New version of Raptor is much cleaner.
Then we took him for a ride: meter hover flight vid of the SpaceX Grasshopper test rocket
I just made that up, because the Ides of March sounded good
Neuralink this month ; Tesla next month, SpaceX probably October. We will have made a lot of progress by then. Might have a prototype booster hop done by then.
Oh behave u naughty planet
Hype^Hype
Best show in the multiverse!
Good feedback from FSD Beta users! point release rolling out now. rolls out a week from Friday with beta request button.
Time will tell, but so far it appears so
Congratulations to the Tesla crew and South Australian authorities who worked so hard to get this manufactured and installed in record time!
Roughly
A billion at most, so % max. Still basically in the nick of time from an age-of-Earth standpoint.
Not currently in V10, but will try
The good old days!
Wow, shame on ZDF Info!
fomo yolo
Prometheus Unbound
Last Kingdom vs Vikings
Higher safety ; environmental requirements ; labor costs explain only a small part of the difference. True root cause imo is an exponential growth in bureaucracy ; a self-serving private sector consultant industry earning a % on project cost, incenting them to maximize cost.
Yeah, definitely dont use C unless optimizing for hardware performance!
Thats the goal!
Its a tough call. Reality is that it will be pretty easy to bully a self-driving car, as it will always yield. Will prob have a manual override that requires continuous press for hardcore lane changes.
If you enter a longer distance than range, system should autonav to optimal Superchargers along the way. Is it not doing this correctly?
yes
Boring Company Hyperloop will take you from city center under ground ; ocean to spaceport in to mins
Full size
I do so wish that more companies would put down their spreadsheets for a moment and focus on making products that move your heart
Perhaps the Internet has some helpful suggestions?
I only block people as a direct insult
Tweak music ; car karaoke
Building Starships/year gets to in years or megatons/year or maybe around k people per Earth-Mars orbital sync
Rolling out a new update today.
Hard to predict dates right now. Most likely postponed to mid May.
Old ewe
Some good ideas here!
Awesome
Dont know Ghislaine at all. She photobombed me once at a Vanity Fair party several years ago. Real question is why VF invited her in the first place
Nice
Model is just a smaller, more affordable version of Model S w less range ; power ; fewer features. Model S has more advanced technology.
Who wears short shorts?
Read it on
For sure
Model S exceeds mile range target! Prize for the st person to do LA-SF nonstop (400 miles)
I dare say that could use a nice
Skip forward to see the most boring presentation ever
Comparing Model S vs Model
Sigh
Hello , great pic! (Thats me waving)
Lower latitude states need more satellites in position, so probably January
Congrats!
Simulation of first crewed flight of Falcon / Dragon
As individuals, we will all die in blink of an eye on a galactic timescale. What can live on for long time is civilization. Those who first go to other planets will face far more risk of death ; hardship than those who stay. Over time, space travel will be safe ; open to all.
Ok
Falcon is technically a heavy lift rocket. If flown as an expendable, payload to orbit is similar to Delta IV Heavy (~25 tons to LEO). And Starship is ~10 times bigger.
Wasn't wearing a suit, am def not part of a "posse" ; didn't even know Leo/Orlando were going. Just went to say hi to my friend Ken Howery.
Good piece on lower total cost of ownership of electric vehicles
That was my night job. Day job was working on ruthenium-tantalum ultracapacitors at Pinnacle Research.
We could probably do that
Yes
Sorry, date is tomorrow night at pm. This pic is from the old invite.
Buy ; hold companies that make goods ; produce services you love
About hours to T-0 for Falcon Heavy. Watch sim for highlight reel of what we hope happens. Car actually takes months to cover M+ miles to Mars
Thats a direct quote from Warren Buffett
We might be in one right now
Cover story for Godzilla obv
We are
Yes, to months
What do you think of the unusually high ratio of S market cap to GDP?
Maybe the scammers will just get tired of winning eventually
True
If heat death of the universe is the destination, it really is all about the journey
True
You may return the vehicle for a full refund in the unlikely event that it causes domestic discord
We are constrained by the accredited investor rule, but will think about how this could be done
Sure seems that way
Im not suggesting web3 is real seems more marketing buzzword than reality right now just wondering what the future will be like in , or years. sounds crazy futuristic!
I want this T-shirt!
Norway FTW
Sure
Probably
The latter. There are pretty long gaps between each team run, so livestream is not the way to go.
Also, Tesla will soon be a German car manufacturer.
Gigafactory is the product even more than the car
Gigawatt per square kilometer of solar energy reaches Earths surface
And we are even worse than that in California
Genau
That would break the NASA budget!
Fair point. Will hold on EU price change until Tesla gets clarity from regulators about Smart Summon feature release date.
Something extremely bogus is going on. Was tested for covid four times today. Two tests came back negative, two came back positive. Same machine, same test, same nurse. Rapid antigen test from BD.
Whoa, it worked!!
Agreed, v important
According to divers who have made the journey, this is capable of maneuvering through all passages
Might make sense to have thousands of solar reflector satellites to warm Mars vs artificial suns (tbd)
A lot will be added
Thanks
Orbital human spaceflight returns to the Cape in six weeks!
Did you investigate at all? Im guessing answer is no. Why?
Inflatable tubes ; pods being made out of Kevlar for better abrasion resistance. A SpaceX engineer happens to be in Thailand ; is headed there now. Could one of the divers DM me? Need approx contour of most difficult sections for tube fab.
Fairing caught, video posting soon
Yes, you can walk on the Tesla Solarglass roof. In stilettos, if you want
cool, thanks
Astronaut spacesuit next to Crew Dragon
Vandenberg is great for polar orbits. Will still play an important role long-term, but %+ will be eastward.
This guy is not a cofounder of Neuralink. Was at company briefly, but he didnt work out.
Exactly
Agreed, this is not the time to pick technology winners or losers in cryptocurrency technology. There is no crisis that compels hasty legislation.
Special light pattern (but not hazards, as theyre too shrill) seems right
going to moon very soon
L'Ambroisie, Place des Vosges
Should be possible. Please ask service ; lmk response.
Will do. I play PC, so missed some of console exclusives.
Mars is critical for the long-term survival of humanity and life on Earth as we know it
Great game
Tesla will add a power lift gate at no cost
Its an honor, sir! Thanks for owning a Tesla.
We will. You read it right.
All
Yes, Cybertruck will have steel balls
Exactly
Thank you. Angie
In theory true, but not how UAW behaved. They drove GM ; Chrysler to bankruptcy ; lost + jobs for people they were supposed to protect, incl abandoning NUMMI plant workers.Tesla took over ; now it has k+ jobs.UAW destroyed once great US auto industry ; everyone knows it.
Hopefully next month
Small changes usually affect production for less than an hour, as theyre applied to a few stations during breaks. Big changes may impact output for a day or two. Reversing out big changes or unexpected parts shortages are what impact several days.
Starship nosecone, high bay ; tiki bar
Update soon
Yes
Will soon enable Tesla owners to request service from their phone with a few taps. Tesla Ranger will come to you to take care of your car. No need to bring the car in yourself ; zero paperwork.
Youre welcome!
Remarkable how few people realize this capability exists. Many think it is years away! With public beta rollout in coming weeks, awareness should improve dramatically.
Mars has an amazing amount of water ice
This investor group should buy Ford stock. Their governance is amazing ...
I have publicly asked people (like you) not to invest. Go fund Ford or whatever
Worth watching "Nathan for You" on Comedy Central, particularly the "Dumb Starbucks" and "Mechanic/Realtor" episodes
Were almost there
Youre welcome to come by SpaceX, but please stop assuming Im against all journalists. This is not true. Something needs to be done to improve public trust in media.
The Boring Company is building a watchtower in LA out of dirt bricks ; we need a knight to yell insults at people in a French accent
It was Richards rental house, which overall is great, but I agree regarding the cabinets haha. This was am, day of flight. Wasnt expecting this brutal pic of me to be posted, but oh well.
Completely agree. Every Tesla should have good art ; music creation software.
Final Dragon Version mission tonight
Yup
Try playing Powerglide in your Tesla at volume
Pics or didn hapn oh
Summarizes pretty much every biz school case study
At Cape for launch, so watched on hotel screen, but still so beautiful
Yes
st pure solar gigawatt hour day just achieved by ! Predict st terawatt hour day from all US solar &lt; years.
Not sure, but probably
Vote tally shows ~85% of unaffiliated shareholders in favor of the Tesla/SolarCity merger! Thanks for believing.
~1000, as all seats would be coach ; no toilets, pilot area or food galley needed. Most flights would only be to mins. Its basically an ICBM traveling at Mach that lands.
Exactly
Right move is try both tunnels and flying cars. Otherwise, having D streets and D buildings means bad traffic forever.
Exactly! Especially let your PUC commissioners/authorities know.
And of course, this one, but thats obv
Yes, I did
Trust me, it will be
Becoming multiplanetary is one of the greatest filters. Only now, billion years after Earth formed, is it possible. How long this window to reach Mars remains open is uncertain. Perhaps a long time, perhaps not. In case it is the latter, we should act now.
Tesla is building a major engineering team in China, incl heavy focus on software/firmware for factory ; car
Suits will need to be made in high volume at an affordable cost ; be much easier to use
Hoping for sec Isp, but at least . Otherwise similar to sea level version.
Its lame
Godspeed Captain
I spoke with Korolevs family today. He was one of the very best. / .
Sigh
Should be able to post video of Raptor on Tripod soon
Precisely
I kinda love Etsy
Space Jam shouldve won the Oscar
Good analysis. Both computers will be used ; sync ~20 times per second. This is a long time to a computer. Like a twin-engine plane, use both engines to max for normal operation, but can safely operate on just one.
A new space race has begun!
Tesla V10.0 just started rolling out to all US Tesla owners with FSD option ; advanced download selected in vehicle software settings
Best place to view is from the beach. Excitement guaranteed!
A friend just sent me this excerpt from a Tesla blog I wrote years ago
Its good to be open about ur vulnerabilities
and a few other things
Interview in Nature describing why we should extend life to Mars
Getting closer to fairing recovery and reuse. Had some problems with the steerable parachute. Should have it sorted out by end of year.
SpaceX engine production is gearing up to build about a Raptor a day by next year, so up to engines per year. Most will be the (as high as) ton thrust (but no throttle ; no gimbal) variant for Super Heavy. Cumulative thrust/year could thus be as high as tons/year.
Tiny wizard
Core body diameter is m/30ft
Agreed. This has been broken for a long time.
It's starting to feel kinda normal to reuse rockets. Good. That's how it is for cars ; airplanes and how it should be for rockets.
Thanks for letting me know
Thanks Seriously, it was so insane! Fud still happening a little, but doesnt resonate when enough people have the product.
All of that and more. Were doing a broad review of launch site, propulsion, structures, avionics, range ; regulatory constraints this weekend. I will also be at the Cape next week to review hardware in person.
First two Starlink demo satellites, called Tintin A ; B, deployed and communicating to Earth stations
This is false. JDs team put out video evidence, but conveniently excluded the date stamp, as it was well after JD ; AH had separated.
Processing is not an issue. Lasers links alleviate ground station constraints, so data can go from say Sydney to London through space, which is ~40% faster speed of light than fiber ; shorter path. Also, no need for ground stations everywhere. Arctic will have great bandwidth!
Theres no entry/braking burn ; hypersonic angle of attack is ~70 degrees
Upper atmosphere winds currently % above max allowable load. Holding for an hour to allow winds to diminish.
Probably early Q4
Cool
Hypernominalization
Thanks!
Yes
We power the press in . Ironic.
Motor Trend awards Tesla Model S best Car of the Year ever in their year history!!
And so begins the robocalypse
Good point
Latest software improves Tesla Supercharger times by up to % for all Tesla S/X/3 worldwide, incl original Model S. Not splitting power across Supercharger stalls helps all cars up to %.
Excellent and funny intro article about Artificial Superintelligence! Highly recommend reading
Absolutely
Cuteness overload MT : A baby baboon snuggled with a teddy bear
Btw, you can schedule service via the Tesla app in less than a minute
Pressure is slightly high in upper stage liquid oxygen tank. Review underway.
Damn straight we do! Coming with next week.
Thanks for playing Giga Berlin!
Should be late for US and early for Europe.
The great state of Massachusetts deserves someone better
World's largest hedge fund soon to be powered by artificial intelligence
Not as much as tunnels though
We will delay $1k full self-driving option price increase until May for those unable to order by May
That was the whole company back then. Grew organically from a simple mariachi party in El Segundo.
SN3
Both fairing halves caught from space by ships!
Thats a reasonable question
Nothing makes your baby more zen than a few gentle puffs of a TBC Flamethrower
And I will talk to their manager!
Too long since we were last there
Yeah. It's kinda disgusting, but my boys and I love it
Anywhere insurance prices are high
Interesting thread
Haha, FSD beta is shipping soon, I swear! Generalized self-driving is a hard problem, as it requires solving a large part of real-world AI. Didnt expect it to be so hard, but the difficulty is obvious in retrospect. Nothing has more degrees of freedom than reality.
Yeah. We have a mask shipment stuck at LAX. Hopefully freed up soon.
Rocket fleets grows
Sounds like a Marxist with style
The lesson from tortoise ; hare is not that tortoises are faster, but rather that hares should not be complacent
Btw, in some prior tweets Id said production Cybertruck would be ~80 wide (vs ~84 body width at unveil). This is slightly too small. Will be closer to , but come standard with upper laser blade lights.
Congrats on many successful launches!
Yes
Portal ; on this would rock
A little. Will have engines, not , no big fins and legs similar to ship. That thrust dome is the super hard part. Raptor SL thrust starts at ton, but upgrades in the works for ton.
Model Y production for east coast too
Nice story about a Model S coast to coast road trip. By end of year, it will be Superchargers all the way!
One of my favorites quotes from a great human
Should be very soon. Many subtle differences between US ; Canada roads, so harder than it seems.
In general, we need to improve how podcasts play
Thats about right
Exactly
Bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
Sure is. I live here. Air quality is especially bad near highways.
Sad news. He wrote some epic sci fi.
Thanks to all that helped SpaceX!
The Movement!
Place light camouflage over antenna to avoid visual detection
No, best to have people seated for safety ; speed of travel
exactly
Exactly
High pain threshold
Starlink will provide global coverage
No problem if you want to post the suggestions on this timeline. Its great to get thoughtful criticism.
Add some tats -&gt; hipster xenomorph
Anything with high contrast
VIC-20 with KB memory
Congratulations ; on creating great open source literacy software!
A Shortfall of Gravitas
Probably start installing end of next month
Tesla is first American car company to achieve sustained volume production in past ~100 years. Hardest, most painful thing Ive ever been through, including getting Falcon to orbit.
Totally false. Buried in this incredibly misleading WSJ article is the actual statement from Thiels Founders Fund: we have no concerns whatsoever.
I made that up tbh. They did not have phones during the French Revolution. They used Friendster.
Without a fully ; rapidly reusable orbital rocket, humanity will never be a multiplanet species
Lots of upgrades and a new look, although main UI upgrade coming with
How'd you know?
Thanks for reminding me. Will rectify.
Do you like our owl?
Congratulations MHI ; UAE!
Yes
George Schultz and Jim Baker article in regarding a carbon tax
Right now, trajectory of neuro-silicon symbiosis doesnt appear to intersect trajectory of AGI. Goal of Neuralink is to raise this probability above %.
Were doomed!
That was our last chance to reach orbit. If it had failed, SpaceX would have died.
Words are very lossy compression of thoughts
True
Browser is already a little better. Kernel and browser update in prob weeks or so (lots of underlying changes) with a few nice features.
Feeling extra button
trouble
For reasons unknown, is unable to say the word Tesla
Live webcast of working device Friday pm Pacific
SN8 Starship with flaps ; nosecone should be done in about a week. Then static fire, checkouts, static fire, fly to ft ; back.
Hardcore body engineers will understand this at a profound level
Range will be above km
Sorry, weve gone from production hell to delivery logistics hell, but this problem is far more tractable. Were making rapid progress. Should be solved shortly.
Very close to real! Arms are able to move during descent to match exact booster position. Catch point is off to side, in case catch fails dont want to hit launch mount. Booster is transferred back to launch mount for next flight. Designed to have &lt;1 hour turnaround.
Most of it
Tesla made cars in , but will make around k in
Uh oh
Ok ok haha
Sigh
Exactly
Is there anything more tragic than unrequited love?
Thoughtful Op-ed in Space News much appreciated
Building primary structure completion seems on track for May, but then it will take several months to install ; activate factory equipment
Agreed, sent a note to Starlink team last week specifically regarding albedo reduction. Well get a better sense of value of this when satellites have raised orbits ; arrays are tracking to sun.
No, original forward facing seats plus rear-facing smaller seats. The new rear seats will accommodate larger passengers than before.
SN10 engine was low on thrust due (probably) to partial helium ingestion from fuel header tank. Impact of m/s crushed legs ; part of skirt. Multiple fixes in work for SN11.
Very true. Whats really mindblowing is how much energy the sun outputs ; how little of it is absorbed by Earth. There is sooo much solar energy. We can solar power all of human civilization with a tiny % of Earths surface, which is a super tiny % of energy emitted by the sun.
Tesla software V10.0 comes with karaoke
The questioners I ignored on the Q1 call are sell-side analysts who represent a short seller thesis, not investors
I think so
Great Q;A last night. Thanks for helping make Tesla ; SpaceX more secure! Planning to open-source Tesla vehicle security software for free use by other car makers. Extremely important to a safe self-driving future for all.
Age of Napoleon is excellent
Meant to say is render speed. Frame rate is locked.
See ya in
Youre probably right. Maybe after Tesla drama calms down.
Second
Depends on what issues we see that are unique to Canada. If things are looking good, then we can lower the safety score threshold.
Worth reading Merchants of Doubt. Same who tried to deny smoking deaths r denying climate change
So many Hitlers!
A step in the right direction
When its no longer noticeable over Plancks length
Mass. judge denies auto dealers' demand to kill our little Tesla store. Yay, justice prevails!
Great game
He has no clue
This chart is a big deal
Will build batteries, powertrains ; vehicles, starting with Model Y
SpaceX will be landing Starships on Mars well before . The really hard threshold is making Mars Base Alpha self-sustaining.
Its Not a Flamethrower, Mr Escobar
Also, UAW did nada for job security in last recession. Dropped Fremont like a hot potato to protect their core base in Detroit. UAW *chose* to exit this plant before Tesla even arrived. We had nothing to do with UAW leaving, but everything to do with why people here have jobs.
Indeed
Accurate
has been the year of super crazy supply chain shortages, so it wouldnt matter if we had new products, as none would ship. Assuming is not mega drama, new Roadster should ship in .
Seems likely. = hipsters.
Maybe AI will make me follow it, laugh like a demon ; say whos the pet now
thanks Bonnie
Good point, we dont
Sure
Wow!
Rocket LZ and
Will make a big difference
More carrot, less stick
That will require a full redesign, but probably ~73 inches or ~185 cm width
A variety of vehicles, like normal roads, from a small car to a densely seated bus. Must be seated ; belted for high speed safety.
Just kidding (obv), but the Fermi Paradox is bizarre
Fair point, sorry
Blood moon over LA tonight ()
Booster production is currently ahead of engine production
I'd recommend competing for the $10M Learning XPRIZE. Illiteracy is the wellspring of poverty.
Are you on Mad Max Mode? This may be too meek for places like the LA Freeway
My fav color is blue, no red, aaargh
Not easy coming up with a good cover story for an underground volcano lair, but I think its working
Neuralink company bar
Single character Tweets are the ulitmate extension of the Twitmeme...
So cute!
Dont wanna brag but was me
Yes
Starship SN4 passed static fire
Thats the idea
Accept worst case outcome ; assign it a probability, which is usually very low. Now think of good things in life ; assign them probabilities many are certain! Bringing anxiety/fear to the conscious mind saps it of limbic emotional strength. Cheery fatalism is very effective.
What is your utopia?
Of all the bogus anecdotes, this one troubles me the most. Ashlee never actually ran this story by me or my assistant. It is total nonsense.
Upgrading hardware is not important for a few months
Good to see this. Splitting interstage into sections will have some challenges, but could work.
A lot has happened in years
Tesla LA to NY Supercharger rally just completed in hours across northern route in dead of winter thru heavy snow!
True. Oddly, those who complained didnt actually order FSD. Perhaps they werent aware that the computer is upgraded for free if the FSD option is ordered even after delivery.
Thanks! Something more should be done. This guy has caused massive strife to the world with his absurdly fake science.
Must be nice living in Cloud Cuckoo Land
Been done
Its almost working reliably
Early access build and especially Dev build are feature-rich, but the features arent reliable enough yet
Hoping to roll out traffic lights ; stops to wide US release in a few weeks ; probably WW release in Q3 (so many variations in each country!). Very important to make sure this is done right.
V likely AF official Correll was told by ULA/Rocketdyne that a rich VP job was his if he gave them a sole source contract
Yeah, sorry about that
Yup, thats the plan!
Stankonia at
yes
The is moving at ~25 times the speed of sound ; orbits the Earth every minutes
Read Eliots notes on The Waste Land
Interesting
sure!
Samwise
The most entertaining outcome is the most likely
A book of the most beautiful classic cars given to me on my th birthday on a farm in Saskatchewan. Van Gogh's Starry Night.
Agreed
Yes
What about a heavy duty, paintball machine gun mounted on the bed rails?
National Science Foundation, u should add a W to ur name. Would get way more clicks. Ur welcome.
Starship booster, largest flying object ever designed, will be caught out of sky by launch tower. Big step forward, as reflight can be done in under an hour.
Yeah, weird
More fun games coming soon to ur Tesla
Yes
Yes
sounds about right
Raising art to new heights
Fundamental advantage of layers of tunnels is you can have as many lanes as you want going in any direction. Will feel like folding space from one part of a city to another.
Great progress by Tesla team
You can make anything fly haha
Agreed. Thats approximately date when we expect Enhanced Summon to be in wide release. It will be magical. Lot of hard work by Autopilot team.
Exactly, this is total bs. What part of production hell sounds like a sure thing!?
Shame on you, Onion. This is why people are switching to !
Were building subsections of the Starship Mk I orbital design there
The big rear wing is only on for one day for rear downforce calibration. Isnt needed to set ring record ; wont be in the production car.
One more production release of pure vision this week, then FSD beta a week or two later. V9.0 FSD is also pure vision. Foundational improvements are immense.
Seems fair
Absolutely
We should be there with Beta , which goes out a week from Friday (no point release this week). It will have a completely retrained NN, so will need another few weeks after that for tuning ; bug fixes. Best guess is public beta button in ~4 weeks.
The aliens would say So Long, and Thanks for the Orifice!
Exactly
He was great on many levels
Yes
So true
Latest Model S is slightly faster
% so far
Cool idea!
We def could be wrong about this, but its actually good to fix high efficiency vacuum engines with giant nozzles in place ; only thrust vector engines with smaller nozzles. Dont need a lot of room ; moment of inertia is much lower.
You are right
Norway is awesome
Ewere a winsome eyre
Yes. To be clear, Plaid powertrain is about a year away from production ; applies to S,X ; Roadster, but not or Y. Will cost more than our current offerings, but less than competitors.
Woz is a lovable, fuzzy bear
That doesn't sound right
Very sensible summary of supersonic flight. Obvious answer is to fly high, which gives low drag ; low boom amplitude at ground. If boom too loud, airframe design probably wrong too.
Presentation streaming live from at pm Pacific
Yes
Good grief! SpaceX is getting zero money for this. Starship is designed to carry people ; cargo around Earth (also to moon ; Mars). Vast majority of use will be civilian. Its just like an airline in space. All airlines sometimes carry military cargo, but ~99% is civilian.
Are they even trying?
Could be worse
If there is anyone in the third row, turn off air recirculation. Third row cooling happens by air entering from the front and exiting through the vents in the rear bumper.
Cool!
Teletub
Haha. It is actually my fav game on Tesla cars right now
Great poem
Yes, it is
OG Roadster is def helping us out here with M miles by itself
Journalist Q;A for mins and embargo ends at :30
What would you love to see in a Tesla pickup truck? I have a few things in mind, but what do you think are small, but important nuances ; what would be seriously next level?
I like to dig my grave real deep
Envelope expanded
Most news outlets attempt to answer the question: What are the worst things happening on Earth today? Its a big planet! Obviously, some bad things are happening somewhere at any given time, but focusing relentlessly on those does not give an accurate picture of reality.
Will do
First Falcon land landing mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California coming up soon!
Fear (and memes) get clicks
Anywhere insurance prices are high
Cool group
Moon too
cropping
What should we change?
cameras, ultrasonars and radar all flush mounted and body color. Beauty remains.
Biden is a damp puppet in human form
Just us being fools, but free Supercharging forever is not coming back to any vehicles. Its not a good incentive structure.
Yup
Raptor is evolving rapidly. Probably wouldnt consider it to be even V1.0 until roughly engine , although probably engines + can be retrofitted for orbital flight, especially on Super Heavy, which is less sensitive to engine variation. It just needs crazy up force!
Will probably make booster legs/flaps same as ship, instead of like F9
Model S starts at $50k after federal rebate. Gen3 will be ~$30k. Need to optimize design and scale volume.
This is insane
SpaceX Boca team is helping save the turtles
% of people want to gentrify Mordor
Almost entirely C++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side Java app for viewing maps ; (weirdly) a D hockey game in VRML
k
Splish splash
Orbital Flights
Thats really decision about how good you think govt is at allocating capital. Buffett, for example, is vastly better than any govt at allocating capital. Consumption vs capital allocation extremely misunderstood. Biggest missing piece in public understanding of what money is.
No but srsly dont do it
Haha
Capable of traveling safely at over mph. At that speed, it will feel like teleporting within a city.
Its like if you want to buy a parrot
He was great though
Just returned from a trip to Haiti. Covered a lot of ground and saw many tough situations. They need a lot of help.
Good piece
Congratulations!
Yezzz
New Roadster and X will come later
Definitely. Long term goal of SpaceX making life multiplanetary.
Just sent a note to check
Q2 for sure
Exactly
Upgrading to kW soon
.sus
Very true. Glass doesnt burn ; melting point is extremely high, so much more resilient than asphalt or wood roofs.
A carbon tax would affect coal even more than gasoline, so electricity would also become more expensive
Much
Just wanted to write a note of appreciation for all those who have supported Tesla, SpaceX ; SolarCity over the years. Thank you.
Falcon fairing opens its parafoil after reentering the atmosphere
Easy to turn one of our Starlink satellites into a debris collector
Absolutely needs liquid cooling. Were applying our experience cooling half megawatt drive unit power electronics in cars to computers.
Amazing engine!
Beautiful picture of Earth from the new NASA satellite
The dry questions were not asked by investors, but rather by two sell-side analysts who were trying to justify their Tesla short thesis. They are actually on the *opposite* side of investors. HyperChange represented actual investors, so I switched to them.
Was going to work out this morning. Went to IHOP instead.
Launch in mins
This is awesome!
True. Need to explain full story of Tesla. So much nonsense out there, amplified by propaganda from some in fossil fuels ; confused shorts.
Rest in peace, Nelson Mandela. A man both good and great.
Yes, you can have my damn cookie! should be a browser setting
True
No, its the first or boost stage, analogous to, but much larger than Falcon
I do like to cause a little mischief
Congrats
No, probably V10.1
Yeah definitely
We have a very talented team
Huge cranes are cool haha
Good point
Testing metallic heat shield at C (2000F)
Very much so
Launch ; landing can be seen on the webcast or in person from Cape Canaveral public causeway at :33pm local tmrw
Yeah
thanks!
Hmm, could def make some pretty sweet high-tech micro-missiles in arrow form
Mars is god of war ; memes are a form of war and fun too! Neither will be destroyed. Ceres, moons of Jupiter ; Saturn prob come next.
The objective reality is that it is impossible to run an advanced game well on old hardware. This is a much more serious issue:
Fred Astaire ; Ginger Rogers
To make life as we know it multiplanetary
Nice
Merlin is arguably version or by now. Its a real workhorse, but looks so simple next to Raptor!
Yup
Tesla will make some merch buyable with Doge ; see how it goes
Next year
Tom is still an advisor to SpaceX, but semi-retired about years ago ; doesnt work on Raptor. Will Heltsley heads propulsion overall, but Raptor is a team effort. No single leader.
No
This is annoying
Its the best
China EV subsidies mostly end this month ; fully end in about months
Flies like an arrow, but fruit flies like a banana
Over k Starlink user terminals
Just left Starship Texas build site. Very proud of progress SpaceX team has made! Pics are of m dome rotation ; Starship airframe behind windbreak.
Currency is already digital! Decentralized crypto is an attempt to wrest power of currency dilution (pernicious form of taxation) ; capital controls from governments. That said, I sure hope the cure is better than the disease! Mars/AI are essential to passing the great filter/s.
Will be adjusting screen alert to clarify that we mean slight up or downward force on the wheel, not really hold the wheel
Boring product launch will be streamed live at pm California time tonight
Sure. To be clear that number would include all US solar energy (thermal+PV).
SpaceX is going to put a literal Dogecoin on the literal moon
Launch video of Falcon from Cape Canaveral tracking cameras
Great. Just sleeps ; eats, overall pretty chill.
We dont have high school internships, but please apply when youre in college!
Original Star Wars
Nice ride! Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow.
Yes, I received chloroquine via central line through my chest ; both arms. Had near fatal case of falciparum. Wouldve died for sure if not for chloroquine. Doesnt mean it works for C19, but maybe better than nothing.
Exactly
Youre welcome!
Were working on increasing dynamic air suspension travel for better off-roading. Needs to kick butt in Baja.
Perhaps one day there will be an ocean on the northern part of Mars
When the car is FSD without supervision, ie robotaxi, youll be able to earn far more than monthly lease/loan cost by allowing others to use it. Managing a small fleet of robotaxis will be a career for many ; much better than driving a single car.
His singing and acting talent will be sorely missed: South Park sequel coming soon...
V1.1 legs will be ~60% longer. V2.0 legs will be much wider ; taller like Falcon, but capable of landing on unimproved surfaces ; auto-leveling.
Anne's role is launch site engineering. Don't think she has anything against media -- just not her role.
Not yet
True. Also, fewer heart attacks, as way easier to pump blood in % gravity.
Theyre quite accurate!
Corrective action taken. Seems to be limited to a small number of cases, but thanks for letting me know.
Must remember that irony and social media are not friends. Keep forgetting. Dammit.
If this works, I'm treating myself to a volcano lair. It's time.
This causes some media confusion, as batch builds ; ship arrival times can make our sales seem incredible one month ; terrible following month, but consumer tastes dont actually vary so much. Massive month over month changes are usually because of production/shipping schedules.
Since its part of safety ; security, all cars with AP2+ hardware will get it
Super appreciate Deepaks year history building Tesla ; wish him greatest of happiness in retirement! Zach has been outstanding over his year history with Tesla ; will build upon Deepaks legacy.
Culture Class is really something
Cost of normal dual motor AWD option is $5k. Range is also miles. Takes -60mph to sec ; top speed to mph.
Exactly
Was up all night with SpaceX team working on Starship tank dome production (most difficult part of primary structure). Dawn arrives
Yes
Das Kapital in a nutshell
Lie back and think of Mars
Congratulations to ! : Orbital's Antares rocket makes successful test flight
Haha
Actually, no, his architecture was different. Also, thinking of going to the moon and actually going to the moon are not the same thing.
Happy Mothers Day to other mothers!!
It was a shamefully low blow from WSJ
In close traffic, poisonous gas spewing from the car in front of you goes straight into your AC intake. Good thing gas/diesel carmakers didnt cheat on their emissions or wed be in real trouble
Background on our attempt to land Falcon rocket on a station-keeping drone ship in the Atlantic
Not easily, as requires wire harness changes
This is how I imagine most theaters are these days haha
San Joaquin County, right next door to Alameda, has been sensible ; reasonable, whereas Alameda has been irrational ; detached from reality. Our castings foundry and other faculties in San Joaquin have been working /7 this entire time with no ill effects. Same with Giga Nevada.
Coming soon. Version at latest.
L/D makes quite a big difference. We do care about lift for Starship much more than Dragon, as lower peak heating is needed for reusability of heat shield. Dragon prefers high peak, low total heat load, as it is driven by tile heat pulse reaching bondline while under parachutes.
It was Xmas, so we brought presents for the kids at the orphanage. They don't usually get much.
Something like that. If politicians could legislate wealth, everyone would be a trillionaire.
Snowing in Texas
The coronavirus panic is dumb
Strategic ; Policy Forum
What do you make of the FT claims?
Upcoming Falcon Heavy ; details
True, Bloomberg is almost as bad
Coming soon
Tesla piece on the physics of car safety coming soon for those interested in technical details
Doing our best
LASIK has improved so many peoples lives!
Exactly
How about my lil doge Floki? He would make a great CEO! His judgment is .
Cool, but an unnecessary complication for now. These are being removed to speed up time to orbital launch.
Important to note that this happened during a routine filling operation. Engines were not on and there was no apparent heat source.
Not quite "rarest". SpaceX Grasshopper rocket did suborbital flights years ago ; is still around.
Yes, definitely needs a huge amount of battery capacity. ~1/3 of energy produced during day must be stored
So true : BitTorrent packet goes to a bar and asks for beer. Everyone in the bar who already has a beer gives him a sip.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Not perfectly at first, but yes. Will take maybe a year or so to get really good at roundabouts worldwide. The world has a zillion weird corner cases.
We couldve made a mile Model S months ago, but that wouldve made the product worse imo, as % of time youd be carrying unneeded battery mass, which makes acceleration, handling ; efficiency worse. Even our + mile range car is more than almost anyone will use.
The crash absorption rails can be cut off ; replaced with a bolted part for collision repair
I Top Hat
Good idea!
Um, you just tweeted about this, so obv you do
Last launch of coming up
No
Essentially all quotes can be ascribed to Churchill
Been driving latest Cybertruck prototype around Giga Texas. Its awesome!
No, its one integrated release
Portal ; on this would rock
We have not ruled that out.
SpaceX has Area
Single biggest threat to future of civilization imo
No, bored me, I will not
yes
Exactly
Will be Falcon size sooner or later
Im sure its parked around here somewhere
All good, system maintained room temperature within spacecraft
Yes, signal acquired from that dish
Looks about light-minutes away
Lovely poster about wishes that explains one of the many reasons to make life multiplanetary
Study the Blade!!
End Titles from Blade Runner played after Model Y webcast cut
Yes. PCB design techniques applied to create a heat exchanger that is physically impossible by normal means. Heat pump also has a local heating loop to spool up fast ; extend usable temperature range. Octavalve is pretty special too. Team did great work. No credit to me.
As mentioned before, Tesla full self-driving option price will increase after May . You can order online at .
Hate it when that happens. Some people are so rude!
Hydroxychloroquine probably better
Sentry Mode is barely at V1.0. Will improve a lot in coming months.
Were changing this from storm watch to disaster watch to cover fires, earthquakes, etc
Stay tuned
Boring Company completes nd Vegas tunnel
We created our own connector, as there was no standard back then ; Tesla was only maker of long range electric cars. Its one fairly slim connector for both low ; high power charging. That said, were making our Supercharger network open to other EVs later this year.
Exciting modes!
Tesla holiday software release is
Worth it
Always look on the bright side of life
Yes, although Starlink works best for low population density situations
Wow, if even Pinker doesnt understand the difference between functional/narrow AI (eg. car) and general AI, when the latter *literally* has a million times more compute power and an open-ended utility function, humanity is in deep trouble
A life well lived
Prototypes are trivial compared to scaling production ; supply chain. If those are solved, achieving positive gross margin is the next nightmare. Starting a second new vehicle line before first is working will divide resources ; amplify probability of failure.
Extremism is so fun! ()
Yes
Always look on the bright side of life
Bioshock is an Ayn Rand dystopia and Fallout New Vegas is a Hegelian dialectic. Games have come a long way since Pong.
Tesla is the biggest manufacturer in California ; second biggest exporter
Haha
Tesla Service Centers ; Superchargers are being opened as fast as possible across Eastern Europe
Model S Owner drives miles solo from Canada to Mexico
Looking into this. No question that FSD should be viewed as reasonably valuable when doing a trade-in.
Yes
Yes
All patched up!
If all goes well, Starship will be ready for its first orbital launch attempt next month, pending regulatory approval
Youre so right. Working on it!
Thanks Maria
. is relentlessly negative about Tesla. They just wrote a bogus article saying S production last week was low by cars. S/X annual prod is set at ~100k, ie /week. Tesla built S/X cars at our standard ~50/50 split last week, which is right on target.
These wont be strictly coupled to ship serial number. Might be on SN5 or might just be used as a manufacturing pathfinder.
no problem
Medieval Futurism
Special permission received from Stonecutters Guild!
Congratulations Tesla team ; thanks to all the new Tesla owners!!
mins to liftoff
Exactly
You're right, I can't hide any more! I am Irony Man...
Bigger flaps/fins at rear also moves center of pressure back
Reasons to hate are remembered better than reasons to love
Yes
Yes
We are tiny
Yes
Thanks Buzz!
I think so
Also, the full self-driving interface renders across the whole display ; it is incredible. The yoke enables an unobstructed view of the screen.
New HVAC firmware coming soon that will make it quieter
Agreed, technically, mined hydrocarbons come primarily from ancient, decayed marine organisms ; partially from geological processes (CH4 particularly)
I think so. Will check.
I do live in a $50k house, but not this specific one
Star Wars only had an $11M budget. Must have been in the galaxy of ridiculously low budgets.
Lyft/Uber/taxi drivers are expert Tesla advocates. Thanks for your support!!
These days, I mostly just play Polytopia, which comes free with every Tesla!
That is certainly the intention!
Thinking about a name for our first tunneling machine
As mentioned before, ship landings are needed for high velocity missions. Altitude ; distance don't mean much for orbit. All about speed.
Extremism is so fun! ()
Wow, thanks. We won't let you down.
Absolutely
Wow, mechanical logic gates
As promised
Probability that were in base Polytopia is highly unlikely - KWM
Yeah. Outer engines with much larger nozzles are fixed to airframe, inner engines have high gimbal range ~15 degrees
Bought some Dogecoin for lil X, so he can be a toddler hodler
Any feature requests?
Avocado Toast
This gives a sense of what Mars would look like after changing the climate to sustain life
Tesla Model S ; X have hospital-grade (HEPA) air filters. ; Y are really good too. This has a big effect on health.
Will run v high res at fps. Cuphead doesnt need k.
Stop censoring science!
No
Yes
Interesting ideas
Have let know
Absolutely! They rock.
Landing gear of the mega thrust propulsive landing rocket done (next gen Falcon). First hops soon.
Yup
Can be set higher than that for highways, but limited to +5mph or +8km/h off highway (true avg drive speed) for pedestrian ; cyclist safety
Its embarrassing that Boeing/Lockheed need to use a Russian engine on Atlas, but that engine design is brilliant
And, at the risk of stating the obvious, extremely boring
Shower thoughts work best for me
Almost all Viasat Ukraine user terminals were rendered permanently unusable by a Russian cyberattack on day of invasion, so yes
Flying with larger ; significantly upgraded hypersonic grid fins. Single piece cast ; cut titanium. Can take reentry heat with no shielding.
I was
Taste of the future
Exactly
Also, Tesla service can remove front trunk liner if you don't use it and improve performance further
Time to up the ante (and fix some mistakes). Tesla announcement tomorrow.
Nuclear thermal rocket for fast transit around solar system would be a great area of research for
Sorry, this is embarrassingly late. Two factor authentication via sms or authenticator app is going through final validation right now.
Up to % false positive
Yes
Will start at ~2:15. Sorry for slight delay.
Great idea
currently cycles radio favs. Next software release cycles between favs.
Asimov's Foundation points out that all civilizations fall. Must ensure dark period is short ; finite.
Its all the secondary structure that concerns me, not engines ; primary airframe
The rate-limiting part or process in cell production is constantly changing
Giant dog topiary in Bilbao
Haha true
Yes
Wisdom
Am a fan of Larry, Sergey ; Google in general, but self-driving cars comments to Bloomberg were just off-the-cuff. No big announcement here
Def worth it. Model Performance is next-level.
Did meme review last night with Justin Roiland from
Canada is a major priority for Starlink!
Important technical note: due to higher O/F of CH4 vs RP1 (oxygen is dense) ; significant density increase of subcooled CH4 (plus no common dome insulation needed), plus cryo strength bump of CH4, tank mass of CH4/O2 stage is almost same as RP1/O2.
All four landing legs now mounted on Falcon
Arrived Austin. Talking with TX House about creating an orbital launch complex near Brownsville, then keynote tmrw
This shampoo sounds amazing
Most likely true, but we can't yet find it on any vehicle sensors
Or perhaps some cheese
Some secrets are too dangerous to be free
Same
Good design imo
German govt reviews Tesla Model S fires. All due to high speed impacts, no injuries. Concludes: no defects, no recall
Thanks Alyssa!
How do we know he hasnt been kidnapped by aliens!?
And those who werent expecting a ternary joke
Wanted to build an electric car company in college. Was going to do PhD at Stanford in electric energy storage (ultracaps), but got distracted for a few years by the Internet.
Goes against interests of all Texans
Testing Raptor in vertical configuration (on the giant tripod) should allow us to simplify some aspects of the engine design
On Clubhouse tonight at pm LA time
Certainly true that many people believe that Tesla and SpaceX are powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive
Youre welcome!
Love this from P: One has got all the goodness, and the other all the appearance of it. Reminds me so of my Nana, who was very stern ; strict ; yet kindest of all. Believe in good.
Wrote in Grimoire, joined Fellowship
One day Starship will land on the rusty sands of Mars
Booster static fire on orbital launch mount hopefully next week
Why Falcon Heavy ; Starman? Life cannot just be about solving one sad problem after another. There need to be things that inspire you, that make you glad to wake up in the morning and be part of humanity. That is why we did it. We did for you.
Tesla financing round closed at pm Dec th last hour of last day possible or payroll wouldve bounced days later. I gave Tesla last of my remaining cash from PayPal. Didnt even own a house or anything sellable.
Believe in the future!
Upgrades underway to enable rocket to compensate for a thrust shortfall on one of the three landing engines. Probably get there end of year.
Headed to Starship Cape Canaveral build site today
Fresh puro from my meme dealer
Roadster upgrade will enable non-stop travel from LA to SF -- almost mile range. Details tmrw. Merry Christmas!
Loving this thread
Roadster upgrade details
And cases with high (non-infectious) Ct should quarantine for a few days, while getting another test. Second test determines whether theyre just beginning to get ill or are on the long tail afterwards, where viral fragments exist, but person is not infectious.
On the list of people who should absolutely *not* be allowed to develop digital superintelligence...
That was obvious from a mile away. I tried to use their product ; it didnt work. Not exactly a genius move by WSJ, but they were brave enough to say it.
yes, several times
Technically, two parts: Starship is the spaceship/upper stage ; Super Heavy is the rocket booster needed to escape Earths deep gravity well (not needed for other planets or moons)
Probably way sooner before its too hot for civilization
And the lead character is also named Woody
Hopefully, partial presence in India, Africa ; South America end of next year, with broader expansion in
BG2 was so good
Yes
Congratulations!
Cool, we can do the interview at Tesla in front of the yellow barriers ; beeping forklifts you said didnt exist. Please send your meeting request to wakassliar.com.
Rest in peace, Stan Lee. The many worlds of imagination ; delight you created for humanity will last forever.
It sees in all directions simultaneously
Its almost right
Absolutely. Moreover, they dont even need to be tested for covid, just need covid-like symptoms, which is a long list, including feeling weakness. Hard to die *without* feeling weakness!
Storm Watch was active for hundreds of Powerwall customers this weekend as a result of Red Flag Fire Warnings in California, and we will continue to activate it whenever there advance awareness of a potential power outage or physical danger
Kids playing Beach Buggy in Tesla store
SolarCity systems generated a new daily record of gigawatt-hours this week
Nikola Tesla was born in Croatia (to Serbian parents)!
Haha
Major navigation overhaul coming in early . Will be light-years ahead of current system, but we are testing it rigorously before rolling out.
Not quite how I would tell the story, but its probably worth a read
The sun is green (peak photon frequency)
Just saw that on a T-shirt competition
In a month or so
Probably
Exactly
Yes
Good point. Its just a really bad and fundamentally misleading article that doesnt actually represent my point of view at all. Other publications referred to it as an interview.
Chomsky sucks
More on this in a few months
Fair point
Both
Only need engines
Haha Teslas all the way down
Starship will land on a ring of fire
That tweet did take immense effort Fair point tho. Powerwall production is now ramping fast. Tesla was cell-starved last year, so we had to switch all lines to make packs for cars, which meant Powerwall production was living off scraps.
Until Sunday
There was still a surprisingly high usage of horses in , but the trend was obvious
Its artificial
Thats the Tesla part
Yes
The Phantom of the Opera Is here inside your mind
Its quite robust
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary government program
How much for some anime Bitcoin?
I would only call someone an idiot if people were mistakenly under the impression that the person was smart
Its amazing by most standards, but we are aiming for % safer than the average human driver
An old video. Ah, those were simpler times
Damn Stonecutters!
Great thread
It was a seriously twisted affair, but alls that ends well.
New SpaceX droneship will be called A Shortfall of Gravitas
There are degrees of pos
V cute! Merry Xmas.
Teslarati is very thoughtful ; well-written, but this stems from a miscommunication by SpaceX
minutes later
[ahem]
physical-world sigh
With all that solar power being generated, it almost feels like something is needed to complete the picture ...
Fuel cells should be called fool sells! Such a silly choice for cars. Not great even for a rocket upper stage imo, but at least not absurd.
There will be many opportunities for both new ; experienced people!
That rocket is a hardcore veteran of many missions
Nice
Several finesse improvements coming to Smart Summon in coming weeks. Will be smooth as silk.
fyi
That said, although substantial capital ; engineering is required to achieve extreme precision, marginal production cost of the primary structure should actually be *less* than a water tower, because its built inside a factory in volume.
Priority for residents of Brandenburg ; Berlin, but also open to general public
Warms my
Pretty much
Need to make sure precision return from hypersonic velocity works in ocean before transitioning to land
Reason I believe this is likely is that Correll first tried to work at SpaceX, but we turned him down. Our competitor, it seems, did not.
Max thrust of tons will be almost % higher than Falcon Heavy demo mission last year
Uh oh
That would definitely help
I think the person who attacked me on Twitter will survive somehow
Yeah, I think we pretty much agree. Btw, great show.
Yeah
SpaceX ; Tesla comp is same or better than other companies. Big diff is that we don't outsource manufacturing, retail sales or service.
Latter
Tesla Snakebot autocharger prototype. Does seem kinda wrong
Important consideration
Tesla is technically a car like an iPhone is technically a phone
DayQuil or NyQuil?
Nice
Howd they know!?
Raptor is making great progress! Just finished an engineering review with SpaceX Propulsion. Engine SN is about to ship to McGregor with some holiday style
Ok
C
Sounds like it is
Most people dont realize that the cost of operating an electric vehicle is much lower than a gas car. Electricity is way cheaper than gas plus no oil changes, tune-ups,smog checks ; other service costs.
However, we wont customize the contract or engage in negotiations. That just causes the Tesla ; customer legal bill to be high ; drag things out. Pay for clean power, not lawyers! It makes way more sense.
Yes
I think about that quite a lot
Deorbits ; burns up over the Pacific
Rocket fairing returning from space
Talulah is in England, finishing her second novel. Its about a future matriarchal society, with a twist.
Maybe the media credibility rating site should be called Youre Right! I do actually own , but for the moment I just have it automatically forward to Facebook News.
Lots of Tesla cars to deliver before year end! Your support in taking delivery is much appreciated. Thanks also to the Tesla team working hard during the holidays!
Will work with current hardware. OTA update.
Product ideas!
yes
Thats very hard to do. Have you tried pushing on the charge port door to open? Its designed to support a manual press to open as well as automatic.
Ultimately, however, what really matters is empirical safety. Nothing in life is % safe, so optimal figure of merit is how many millions of miles/km per accident.
Glad to hear your Mom is ok
For sure
Yes, improvement is exponential
I do aspire to entertain the people!
Just because I have the outfit and the awesome weapons doesn't make me a ninja. That requires years of training.
Hi Alyssa, thanks for placing your faith in Tesla. I hope you have a great experience with the car.
Just signed Giving Pledge with others. I hope this announcement convinces others to do the same.
All your basis points are belong to us - fiat issuers
Yeah, awesome achievement by ISRO. Very impressive!
Excited for partnership with LA Metro
Exactly. Its a good way to go. Get people with more money to pay for the development!
Lets see if we can get them to say the word Tesla!
Yes, cutaway was a mistake. We will show all footage, good or bad.
Good, but not hospital grade. S ; X were designed to be proof against an actual bioweapon attack. Requires a giant filter with separate acid ; alkaline gas neutralization layers. Not enough room in Model .
More to come
This is why Im not impressed when reporters who were literally in junior high while I was in newsrooms all round the world say that if I only knew how newsrooms really worked, then Id know everythings fine ; no need for a media credibility rating system like Pravduh
Definitely. Will take corrective action immediately. Sorry about this.
Pretty much any machine-learning
Sure, we can do it
Very much agree!
Time is the ultimate currency
Definitely further refinements coming to (early beta) safety test score. It will be refined continuously until it is an extremely good predictor of crash probability. Exciting actuarial problem!
I never said this!
SpaceX Foundry is used exclusively for advanced alloys/shapes for Raptor, incl our superalloy, SX500
Sounds like pure luxury! When I said sponge, I was actually speaking metaphorically. Truth is, I was just a simple nucleotide, drifting alone in small crevice with trillion siblings.
Btw, you can schedule service via the Tesla app in less than a minute
Exactly. This has now happened several times. Something is broken with SEC oversight.
Pretty wild
My brother, Jonah and I are going to do a cover of My Little Buttercup from The Three Amigos. It will be terrible. There will also be a plethora of Q and sometimes even A.
F9R (pronounced F-niner) shows a little leg. Design is a nested, telescoping piston w A frame.
Powerwall doesnt need solar panels, but will work fine with both Tesla ; non-Tesla solar panels
We built powerful information weapons to fight enemies of liberty. Now those enemies are largely defeated, but the weapons remain.
Starlink V1 on Falcon, V2+ on Starship. Basically, all future products will contain either the word star or link
More carrot, less stick
Unfortunately, Starship unlikely to survive LEO entry intact without shielding on windward side, but none required on leeward. Even windward shielding is very light.
Tesla car prices go up ~3% next week, except for $35k Model . Order online at before then for current prices.
MPGe!
Yes. Will require tapping indicator to confirm at first. When safety looks good after M miles of driving or so, there will be an option to turn off confirm.
Paint makes a hell of a difference
Boring Co has advanced ground penetrating radar ; is pretty good at digging holes. Dont know if pump rate is limited by electric power or pumps are too smal. If so, could dropship fully charged Powerpacks and pumps.
Probably shouldnt have called holding company Cyberdyne Systems
Soon, it will be in tiktok
Residual fuel and oxygen combine
Wow, thanks for the couch! I will match the donation from my foundation.
For sure, but I understand the pulse of Twitter pretty well. A sudden avalanche of very similar vitriolic comments from anon accounts usually means someone activated a troll/bot net.
It is flat-packed. No dispenser.
Truth is a metaphorical concept with no footwear or clothing of anything kind. Also, baby dont hurt me haha
Im actually less crazy in person or am I?
Approximately km/s
Depends on total system efficiency ; how long the propellant plant can run to refill Starship, so to MW as a rough guess
For sure before snowfall this year
Now that Hopper has flown, Starship update probably in two weeks or so.
Haha true. I talked to my friends about electric cars constantly in college.
If youve solved hard problems with phones / wearables (sealing, signal processing, inductive charging, power mgmt, etc), please consider working at engineering.com
Hold down firing of Dragon spacecraft at Cape Canaveral
Block size ; frequency should steadily increase to match broadly available bandwidth
Vac thrust of tons means avg of tons/floor of structural steel for a story building.
Exactly. You can put socks on your feet the same way. There would be no relative motion between the tube ; rock wall.
Should mention that Gigafactory will be fully powered by clean energy when complete ; include battery recycling
When youre there next week, are you planning to test water sources for lead?
Under consideration. Weve already stretched the upper stage once. Easiest part of the rocket to change. Fairing , flying soon, also has a slightly larger diameter. Could make fairing much longer if need be ; will if BFR takes longer than expected.
Agreed, top priority for Autopilot team. Being cautious for max safety.
Thanks for the longstanding faith in SpaceX. We very much look forward to doing this milestone flight with you.
Moreover, based on extensive cave video review ; discussion with several divers who know journey, SpaceX engineering is absolutely certain that mini-sub can do entire journey ; demonstrate at any time.
Safe to lick. I checked.
Congrats Boring Company team!
Straw man fallacy. To appreciate, your car just needs to be worth more than you paid for it, so probably ~$75k is enough if you bought a . FSD will be bundled in all cars (important point). Something is not a commodity if you cant make enough of them ; we wont be able to.
Great name! Wouldnt worry about this particular one, but a big rock will hit Earth eventually ; we currently have no defense.
Taking questions now at
Ok, thanks
... In honor of IMB, RIP.
No problem if you want to post the suggestions on this timeline. Its great to get thoughtful criticism.
Emojilution
Cant be too buoyant
As a reminder, Im in *favor* of universal basic income
noobtoob
Internal camera isnt used yet (meant for robotaxi), but thats a good idea
Cybertruck is inspired by games like Halo. Warthog irl!!
Maybe possible with improved wheels/tires (which would be available to all previously made cars)
No, Raptor uses a large number of coaxial swirl injectors, which (we believe) achieves highest theoretical mixing/combustion efficiency.
And remember
F in this case. Deep cryo increases density and amplifies rocket performance. First time anyone has gone this low for O2.
These are production design, unlike our earlier Tintin demo sats
First time Ive seen either. One on the left looks official. Will be gone soon.
Hacked my Tesla charge connector on a small island in the rain last night
Going over the small nuances of Model production. Very important that nothing sounds tinny.
New Model X SUV now faster than a $500k Lamborghini
Psyche
Thanks David
With anything online
Hadouken!!
RIP, Sir Sinclair. I loved that computer.
Therell be lots of green space around factory, but building itself is continuous. The open areas inside are covered. Theyre internal semi truck roads inside a giant monolithic building.
Dune series by Herbert also brilliant. He advocates placing limits on machine intelligence.
Accurate assessment. Btw, Autopilot software is technically led by Ashok, Andrej ; Milan, but its very much a knights of the round table structure. There are so many talented engineers on Autopilot/AI team ; they decide for themselves what to work on. Kinda like Valve.
T-boned in a Model X at mph
Yeah, PCR Ct was unequivocal at &lt;20. Doesnt matter what method you use at that low a cycle threshold.
Well, I do have multiple personality disorder, but theyre all technically in the same head
Max is just X Merlin thrust and min is ~40% of Merlin. Two outer engines shut off before the center does.
Glad you teach physics. That and critical thinking (ie how not to be tricked) are foundational for all kids to learn.
FSD price will rise as we get closer to FSD production code release
High time we had a Tesla coil!
Btw, please don't mention the pyramids. Stacking stone blocks is not evidence of an advanced civilization.
First baby step in Tesla Summon capability now downloading over-the-air with V7.1
Sure
The only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid!
Yes! I love botanical gardens. This is my favorite:
Maybe active in a month or so. Focus right now is getting to high speed, tight follow distance in test tunnel.
Thud!
Something appealing about Hawking/Hartle idea, but I agree with Turok/Feldbrugge/Lehners
Top Secret
Yes
Tesla ; SpaceX are the top two destinations for engineers, because you can have the most fun creating kickass technology! Thats why.
Thanks, will consider next year
Due to some Tesla owners encountering system issues yesterday, the free Supercharging referral program will be extended until tomorrow night
They dont seem to think much or care about the future beyond a narrow horizon
Well, hopefully closer to bar over time. However, that the chamber/nozzle jacket has so many joints ; dissimilar metals at such high pressure ; temperature is what I find remarkable about it.
Wholesome memes
Tons of fun!
That was my actual password at one point!
Easy to turn one of our Starlink satellites into a debris collector
Issue with Dragon thruster pods. System inhibiting three of four from initializing. About to command inhibit override.
Good point. Maybe we could collect rainwater, add a little antifreeze in cold climates ; make it last for years.
Its real
Because honey is a vegetable
Wow
Long journey
Interesting
you can do that now with S and X. Will be same for .
Desire to help Boeing is real ; am corresponding w chief engineer. Junod's Esquire article had high fiction content.
No, I have a license!
Finally some tongue
Outer engine ring is fixed angle, but can throttle
Pretty much
This depressingly misleading ; misanthropic article came from a very brief digression at an AI conf, not from an interview with Wired as is falsely implied. This is why I stopped following Wired long ago. There are way better tech pubs out there.
Lord of the
Lowering Starlink terminal cost, which may sound rather pedestrian, is actually our most difficult technical challenge
Non, je ne regrette meme
mph is common on the Autobahn. Even with only offramp tunnels, exit speed drops to mph.
Drone spaceport ship heads to its hold position in the Atlantic to prepare for a rocket landing
Yes
Another great thing about many layers of interconnected tunnels with ramps ; elevators is that they can go from near your home all way to popping up at destination parking lot
Who let the Doge out
Yes
Certain regulatory agencies would beg to differ
Aluminum shell has high thermal conductivity, so will be close to ambient. If ambient is cold, a thin layer of neoprene insulation around interior will keep occupant warm.
Makes it clear that you can only sense acceleration, not velocity
Actually, doesnt feel quite right selling this. Will pass.
Passing fad. Like steam engines. They look cool in a museum.
Nano is a unit of measure, not a field imo. Wouldve been sexist *not* to express an opinion simply because someone is a woman.
Working with Doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency. Potentially promising.
Signal is the least insecure messaging service
Feedback received. Restoring white interior.
This Magic Moment
Neuralink is not raising money
Cryo test underway
Agreed. Taxes do need to be collected, but what is the best way to do this that maximizes area under the curve of the happiness of the people?
Indeed, but again like a parking lot, a battery having big roads tends to decrease number of parking spaces (ie stores less energy)
Worth reading The Machine Stops, an old story by E. M. Forster
Raptor engine just reached bar chamber pressure without exploding!
Almost entirely C++, but we did have an (advanced for the time) client-side Java app for viewing maps ; (weirdly) a D hockey game in VRML
Winter is coming
Special link to view SNL outside USA
Do it
Glad youre ok!
Only Model S will have the seven seater option, more cargo space, plus higher range, acceleration, two screens vs one, auto extend handles
Impressive, if uncurated. There arent many errors. Would be interesting to see how GPT would perform with same objective.
Yes
Ok
Btw, price of Model X is actually only $5k more than S. Lower cost versions coming later.
Reviewed design with Franz last night. Even % smaller is too small. Will be pretty much this size. Well probably do a smaller, tight world truck at some point.
Good design imo
We should just count the atoms at this point
Are you % certain that stands by ; supports everything shes done? Why wont Lopez go on record saying that she never offered Tripp anything for inside info or asked him to break his confidentiality agreement by taking detailed video of Tesla IP?
Yes
If we can do this successfully, then anything developed for ground/undersea fiber is automatically better in orbit
They smashed the window to steal the radio, which was worth maybe $20. Got a replacement from junkyard. Btw, great deals available from junkyards! Its pretty fun fixing/upgrading cars.
That article was pushed as propaganda to counter IMF study showing fossil fuel subsidies to be $5 trillion/year. Even if $4.9B was true, combined market cap of Tesla ; SpaceX is $80B. Where did the other $75B come from? Ass
Giga Berlin is gonna rock!
Huge tornadoes in Texas tossing truck trailers through the air. Hope people are ok.
Im fine with reasonable drone footage. Just needs to be at a fair distance ; not coming right up to people. I think our security was a little overzealous in this case.
Sigh
I rate it two Bugblatter Beasts of Traal up!
If consumption is low, then the tax is proportionately low. We should prob not have tax on basic foods ; critical meds.
Shocker
Software upgrade to rain sensing neural net coming next month
Gating factor is achieving ; proving higher safety with pure vision than with vision+radar. We are almost there. FSD Beta V9.0 will blow your mind.
The quality of emojis varies wildly
The future is a set of branching probability streams. Some actions by humanity have an extremely leveraged effect on shape ; size of those streams.
Yes. Highly recommend doing so btw.
Yup
Congratulations!
We look for rare corner case issues with a limited release US build, then expand internationally as we receive approval from regulatory authorities. So, soon, but hard to say exactly.
What makes resistance complex is that its half imaginary!
To extend the light of consciousness
We dont buy advertising
Cool video recap of the big events of the year by Google
This graph appears to be upside down
Nice
? It should
I had no idea this existed. Sounds awesome though!
Sorry it took so long!
The sad thing is that even if Santa Claus suddenly made their hardware real for free, the first thing youd want to do is cancel it
The future is accelerating
Out on launch pad, engine swap underway
Playing Amish Paradise in my Tesla
Will investigate
Occupy Mars
Good to see. Inspiring for future of space!
For some reason, this is the best Ive felt in a while. Hope youre feeling good too
Kids these days are so grown up! RT "Second-Graders Wow Audience With School Production Of Equus"
Support would be much appreciated!
Happy Home Planet Day!
Review of the Model S by
SpaceX will go public at some point, as I think it should ultimately be owned primarily by the public " will SpaceX go public?"
Population collapse is nd biggest danger to civilization after AI imo
Maybe its about how you use it
Dont buy our car if thats a problem. People should be free to live their lives where their heart takes them
Sorry for the inconvenience. Were aware of this glitch ; its fixed, but software updates wait for a WiFi connection. Policy has been changed to push updates like this over cell connection sooner.
Rocket is extra toasty and hit the deck hard (used almost all of the emergency crush core), but otherwise good
Fatality rate also greatly overstated. Because there are so few test kits, those who die with respiratory symptoms are tested for C19, but those with minor symptoms are usually not. Prevalence of coronaviruses ; other colds in general population is very high!
Well aim to have it come out same time as truck. Two seater electric ATV designed to work with Cybertruck will be fun! Electric dirt bikes would be cool too. We wont do road bikes, as too dangerous. I was hit by a truck ; almost died on one when I was .
Pale blue dot
Am thinking of starting new university: Texas Institute of Technology ; Science
Great rebuttal by a Tesla owner to those calling for Autopilot to be disabled. Was written with zero input from us.
Both at the same time!
Starting next month, Tesla will charge $1000 for color black (same price as silver)
Who is
Starship ; Super Heavy will press tanks autogenously even in version . Very important, as helium costs more than oxygen on Falcon, even though liquid oxygen is /3 vehicle mass ; helium weighs basically nothing.
Yup. Sledgehammer impact on door cracked base of glass, which is why steel ball didnt bounce off. Should have done steel ball on window, *then* sledgehammer the door. Next time
Competition ensures companies work hard to serve the needs of their customers
Will allow having your car picked up ; dropped off or using mobile Tesla Rangers service vans if car lift isnt needed
We need to complete internal QA testing for safety, which will hopefully be done in about weeks
Regretamine, its like a % tax on all your regrets!
Cryoproof, then install engines
It is
Some of the future episodes of Westworld feature my ex. Talulah does a great job of playing a deadly sexbot
Catapult high into the air ; land on the roof with a base jumping parachute (the only way to travel)
Thats exactly it. Youre no longer mentally fatigued after a long drive. Makes a major difference to your happiness level commuting home from work after a long day.
Original article on Model S from :
The Tesla AI predictions are swiftly becoming superhuman its guesses for what it cant see well feel like ESP. It has a vastly larger training set than any human ; thinks only about driving.
Unless susceptible to extreme natural disasters, nuclear power plants should not be shut down
Almost done reviewing Dragon code with . Looks good so far. Target launch date is May , right after Soyuz docks.
Video is amazing with the Tesla sound system. Will include Caraoke!
Its not really possible to match the human brain in for any amount of money imo, but it will be possible probably in a few years
too Euro
Culmination of a truly incredible amount of work by ; engineering, along with support of all International countries
Dont worry, well make it right
Couldnt afford to pay for repairs, so I fixed almost everything on that car from parts in the junkyard. Ironically, thats me replacing broken side window glass. The circle is complete lol.
I love the yoke!
I think it will be something like that. Much more productive to manage a fleet of robotaxis than only drive one taxi yourself.
Yes, about a month away from testing Raptor Vacuum
Award accepted on behalf of the great people at Tesla, SpaceX, Neuralink ; Boring Co
Glad you enjoyed the experience!
Tesla is going to develop a quiet, electric leafblower
Only so many days
Can someone do a boat service from South Padre to Boca?
I just tried to donate, but you dont accept PayPal. Lmk when you do.
Probably around March
Yes, Angela, please show us the graphs/data that prove your point
Planet Claire is
That free fusion reactor in the sky conveniently converts ~4 million tons of mass into energy every second. We just need to catch an extremely tiny amount of it to power all of civilization.
Installing Starship booster engines for first orbital flight
Exactly. The terminology is anachronistic.
Important to note that Model S resale value is also higher than that of gasoline cars
Hang in there. If you are truly long-term, it will be fine.
Soon
Definitely
Really tempting to redesign upper stage for return too (Falcon Heavy has enough power), but prob best to stay focused on the Mars rocket
I used that one
Great progress so far! Thank you for the support from Brandenburg. I would also like to express appreciation for the permit authorities, as I know this is a large and complex project. When all the finishing touches are done, I hope it will be considered a jewel of Brandenburg!
New titanium grid fins worked even better than expected. Should be capable of an indefinite number of flights with no service.
Goal is for repaired car to be better than before accident. Should always be true if damaged/used parts are correctly replaced with newer parts.
Once in a while, something happens that is even better than we imagined
Deus ex machina on the center screen when it ends
Customized horn ; movement sounds (coconuts being one, of course) coming to Teslas soon
Part of the factory is being upgraded, but tours will continue around the parts that arent
GoT season finale leaked
Exactly. Still, pretty wild that the engine plume can climb up the side of a rocket going hypersonic speed!
Were working on it. Agreed, Minecraft is high priority. Roblox too.
I keep forgetting that youre still alive
Could do it, but we developed low cost reusable tiles that are much lighter than transpiration cooling ; quite robust
Its basically the plot of Fallout: New Vegas
Humankind
For sheet/plate, at supplier made to our spec. For cast, in our Hawthorne foundry.
I do love Banks, but perhaps we should reserve his names for the droneships
Were working with EU regulators to improve rules. Spirit of rules is correct, but exact language doesnt quite align with spirit. Navigate on Autopilot working well in rest of world.
Model S limits torque if brake ; accel simul pressed. Going to zero torque with brake press would be a safety hazard.
Making The Onion articles real
Probably this summer
Thats the first BFR airframe/tank barrel section made of a new carbon fiber material
Falcon/Dragon are designed to withstand multiple lightning strikes, but we dont think it would be wise to take this risk
Payload to orbit per year of Starship fleet is most mind-blowing metric, as its designed to fly X per day, which is ~1000X per year
Berliner Wurst hat am meisten Curry
Coming
Live video from LZ-1
Here is how to vote your Tesla and SolarCity shares:
This would solve a lot of brain/spine injuries ; is ultimately essential for AI symbiosis
In a million years, the Universe will go from being to billion years old. Like tears in the rain
Its not
In discussions with the government of India requesting temporary relief on import penalties/restrictions until a local factory is built
yes
Postponing launch to replace fairing pneumatic valve. It is dual redundant, but not worth taking a chance.
Tesla is affecting powerful vested interests. Big auto ; oil companies arent known for their gentle behavior. SpaceX is battling US military prime contractors ; space programs of national govts. No walk in the park there.
Best of luck to the Cygnus launch
Bit of a distraction yesterday. Working on plan today.
It was foolish of us not to start engines ; immediately shut down , as are needed to land
Yeah, although early production cars will need camera upgrades, as well as FSD computer (all included in the price)
Headed to Cape Canaveral tomorrow for first geostationary satellite launch.
Haha
Overall kill ratio was :1, but kill ratio against the Zero was :1
Supercharger V3, which starts rolling out early next year, will also charge much faster
A lot of functionality will happen all at once when we transition to the new software stack. Most likely, it will be releasable in to months. Then its a question of what functionality is proven safe enough to enable for owners.
Calculated attempt to deceive Florida voters about solar vote uncovered by Miami Herald
With an epic sound system ; woofers the size of a car
Thanks for correcting me. I meant to say over half a million people.
Yes, we will unveil a fully functional advanced prototype of the Model X -- almost identical to production.
I just want to start a flame in your heart
Good point, might put that one back
What he doesnt appear to appreciate is that government is just a monopolist corporation in the limit
Hate to say it, but might be true
Ironic stan
Crassus was a dick
There are already minimum age requirements for the House, Senate ; Presidency. Reciprocally, there should be maximum age limits too.
A is hallowed spaceflight ground no place more deserving of a Starship launch pad! Will have similar, but improved, ground systems ; tower to Starbase.
Noted
Yes
Not exactly GPUs for NN. Lots of cores optimized for dot products with fast local memory ; super high bandwidth between cores ; efficient liquid cooling. Compiler needs to be optimized too.
I think essential services, incl health care, should be taken care of by govt/taxpayers (socialist) ; other parts of economy should be served by companies competing to serve the people (capitalist). Aka, the view held by most of America.
Not easily, as requires wire harness changes
Paired with thigh-high sockboots
A lot, but you cant count on lines
We should be really worried about this
Adding software feature to open glovebox automatically when car comes to a stop after a crash. Will look at bonding a thin plastic sheet to the front or back of screen.
Woohoo
Extremely
Anyone who purchased full self-driving will get FSD computer upgrade for free. This is the only change between Autopilot HW2.5 ; HW3. Going forward HW3 will just be called FSD Computer, which is accurate. No change to vehicle sensors or wire harness needed. This is v important.
Back in the Precambrian era when the main form of life was a sponge
hmmm
Precisely, sats will be in darkness when stars are visible
Lot of people dont realize that you can watch almost any show in a Tesla
That was intense
Model X review by Jim Motavalli. I think he likes the car.
Jung
Tesla will start FSD computer upgrade in a few months
Elon University is a real place
Yup
Also definitely coming haha. Will only be on relatively recent cars, as we didnt have an outside speaker until about a year ago. Can change inside sound easily.
we have great neighbors!
Will show neurons firing in real-time on August th. The matrix in the matrix.
No stylist, no makeup either haha
Nice
With production, st you need achieve target rate ; then smooth out flow to achieve target cost. Shipping min cost Model right away wd cause Tesla to lose money ; die. Need to months after k/wk to ship $35k Tesla ; live.
Depends on when Crew Dragon comes back. Thats scheduled for launch next Saturday, but lot of new hardware, so time error bars are big.
T minus five minutes to flame
Couple months, but V1.0 of Raptor Vac is suboptimal, as optimized for speed of development. Isp maybe to sec.
Yes, consumption tax is way better. Also, higher estate tax better than income/cap gains tax. Probability of progeny being equally excellent at capital allocation is not high.
Yep, order online at in mins ; car delivered direct to home
I am too, of sorts. Govt (ie other taxpayers) should take care of critical needs of people, incl defense, judiciary, health care, etc. Rest should be companies competing to provide best product or service to the people.
Absolutely
Yes
Will be announcing something really special at today's talk
Oh stop, youll make me blush
Note, I do not take a cash salary or bonus from anywhere. I only have stock, thus the only way for me to pay taxes personally is to sell stock.
What should be developed on Ethereum?
That was our last chance to reach orbit. If it had failed, SpaceX would have died.
Finally, VR thats cool *and* sexy!
There will be a common area in the forward section with a big window like this. It will be a lot heavier than steel, but not dangerous. Consider astronauts on the moon with a very thin windowed helmet. They were fine.
ur algo
Aiming to launch this weekend and (hopefully) land on our droneship. Ship landings needed for high velocity missions
Exactly
Good piece
Gas cars are so last-century!
But wait, theres more: the flamethrower is sentient, its safe word is cryptocurrency and it comes with a free blockchain
too Euro
Yeah
I could not be more excited about the new supercollider! That said, while it is considerably larger, I dont think it necessarily requires all that much incremental engineering.
Battery cell production is the fundamental rate-limiter slowing down a sustainable energy future. Very important problem.
Signal is the least insecure messaging service
Crazy, that was over years ago. Thanks for believing in us!
That species has stood the test of time
Is this true ?
Wow
Fair
Tim is great
I hope I'm wrong
It is heartening to see the rise of individualist vs corporate media
Please add your voice to the public comments. Support is greatly appreciated! Humanitys future on the moon, Mars ; beyond depends upon it. Thanks, Elon
Still many fine details to address, but the final product will be fantastic. Theres nothing else even close.
Going max hardcore on design/production Starship here in Boca. Its awesome! Feels a bit like a Mars simulator.
M Night should do a horror movie about this it would resonate
Mounting landing legs (~60 ft span) to Falcon for next month's Space Station servicing flight
Yeah, but simpler. Needed for landing burn or engines will suck in a bubble.
Guess I was obsessed with space from an early age. Fair point.
Pushed a week to align with
We dont think our product will be the cause of any wildfires, but The Boring Company is donating $10k.
Incentives matter
Sheeps thank you
This is extremely messed up. , whats going on?
Thoughtful analysis. We will endeavor to provide the robots, chips ; software to academia.
A general solution to self-driving (essentially, real-world AI) requires writing extremely difficult software in the arenas of training, inference, control, analytical tools, data management, hardware optimization ; simulation. One of the hardest technology problems that exists.
Ok, not so bad
Only if Dawkins joins
Should be coming back online now. Looks like we may have accidentally increased verbosity of network traffic. Apologies, we will take measures to ensure this doesnt happen again.
Only thing beyond ludicrous is plaid
Create a media credibility rating site (that also flags propaganda botnets)
Definitely did not. Ive been through many press cycles ; know full well same person praising me today will trash me tomorrow. Journos hound me constantly for interviews, but I do almost none these days. Twitter as it allows me to bypass journo bs.
We measure this primarily in intervention probability. This update addressed several issues, resulting in perhaps ~1/3 fewer interventions. Many of the improvements consist of fixing silly bugs vs grand eureka moments. True for most beta releases in my experience.
True. Ask your airline for Starlink!
Max Tegmark is great
Great show
Yeah
Ive spent more than half my life in California ; love the state. But, frankly, I think CA has the winning-for-too-long problem. Like a sports team with many championships, it is increasingly difficult to avoid complacency ; a sense of entitlement.
Why does the crowd cry over the glorious leader Kim Il Sung's death? Fear of being shot may play a role:
By land and sea
Those rumors are false
Stonk tip of the day
Thanks Never too young for some ink haha
It was an honor to wish you Godspeed before you left for orbit!
Bring it on
Cold gas thrusters only. Will use body flaps ; main engines for landing orientation, so wont need high thrust reaction control. Simplifies things considerably.
I really hate patents unless critical to company survival. Will publish Hyperloop as open source.
Sagan was awesome
Mars rover looking back
Super high tech zero-g indicator added just before launch!
If anyone is curious, the name was inspired by The Fault in Our Stars
Transpiration cooling will be added wherever we see erosion of the shield. Starship needs to be ready to fly again immediately after landing. Zero refurbishment.
Its not that big really
Or maybe pegging
November most likely
AddLabel -&gt; PersonDressedAsCone
Good review
Great!
Were pretty close to the manufacturing size limit for a milled copper ; steel jacket nozzle. Lot of complexity to add a nozzle extension to a sea level engine for small gain. Also hard to fit bigger engine nozzles on the booster.
Norway
About a month away from the first orbital test flight of crew Dragon
But on the inside
This is my pet bee, Eric
I think we should be inconsistent in our naming conventions after Model Y
Tillerson at his confirmation hearing: "I think its important that the United States maintain its seat at the table in the conversation ...
Great video history of Falcon by Kinematic
Its true
Most likely
You should get an invite to configure in next few days
Sounds like we should open a Tesla Center there!
Tesla has created over US jobs building electric vehicles ; is investing more than double GM + Ford combined [fyi to person controlling this twitter]
Life is made of ups ; downs
Intersections with complex traffic lights ; shopping mall parking lots are the two biggest software challenges. Developer branch already mostly works in these scenarios, but massive effort required to get to % safety.
Oh sure, good point. Will discuss with team ; make available to buy in Tesla app.
may all technology in the future follow the zeroth law...
UN must take responsibility & help people of Haiti. MT ": Front page NYTimes.
True. The opposite in fact I provide financial support to my parents.
Austin Rocks!!
looks good, rolling out today
Sabotage of the rocket is unlikely, but this article has some great theories
I dont want to see anyone lose their money. Or I will at least provide fair warning before it happens, as I have done in the past.
Your research as a private individual is better than professionals ! Data logs recovered so far show Autopilot was not enabled ; this car did not purchase FSD. Moreover, standard Autopilot would require lane lines to turn on, which this street did not have.
Wow, seems like eons ago! With fairing recovery, Falcon is ~80% reusable, but reflight takes several days ; requires boats. Starship will be fully reusable with booster reflight possible every few hours ; ship reflight every hours. No boats needed.
Directionally correct, but Zenit is an order of magnitude smaller than Starship system ; doesnt come back ; land
Ok
Surprisingly common
Radar tunes out what looks like an overhead road sign to avoid false braking events
When vast amounts of manufacturing are needed, as in robotaxis, this slows down rate of introduction, so maybe more like winner-takes-a-quarter. Still great.
If we create a city on Mars, Earth-Mars travel will be a powerful forcing function for inventing something like warp drive
Exactly
Same as last time, although we made a design improvement that could yield about bar more
Yeah, that would be cool. Also, using ship itself as structure for new giant telescope thats &gt;10X Hubble resolution. Was talking to Saul Perlmutter (whos awesome) ; he suggested wanting to do that.
Many different regulatory authorities. Just takes time.
Now
The Earth is not flat, its a hollow globe ; Donkey King lives there!
Starship fairing will actually have more height than shown here. Dome will be flatter ; more of tip is accessible. Usable volume ~1000 cubic meters.
That may be a difficult award to decline
Hi Jared, Colorado is great! I think your policies make a lot of sense.
This BBC article provides a sensible summary for how it was done
Skin will get too hot for paint. Stainless mirror finish. Maximum relfectivity.
Or do you?
Who controls the memes, Controls the universe.
Ahem RHD
Exactly
Tesla Semi unveil now Nov . Diverting resources to fix Model bottlenecks ; increase battery production for Puerto Rico ; other affected areas.
Well let the NN loose on Track Mode one day thatll be insane
Will do Starship presentation a few weeks after Hopper hovers, so prob late July. If that timing works, free LJ chips for all present!
Will leave any comment on actions in Flint to those in Flint
Am feeling optimistic about beating the Semi specs announced at the unveiling for the same price. The Tesla Semi will be something really special.
Busted. Its me.
I want to know who is running the Etherium scambots! Mad skillz
Thats significantly improved in current production
Not yet
Yeah
Edgy move
m hop in a week or two
Sorry, migh have brought the site down
Some carmakers are trying hard
Yes, but probably a year or two away. Lot of fish to fry
Some valves leaked at cryo temp. Fixing ; will retest soon.
Will be throughout Canada
So it goes
of course
Haha
Good piece on volcanoes : The USGS would seem to disagree.
Hallelujah
Special mention of Tesla China
The Johnny Cash hover slam!
Yes, but still a bit too limited on range. That will change in coming years as battery energy density improves.
Sorry
Tesla st, nd ; rd in August sales
This is real btw
Some of the small launcher activity is cool, especially . Downsides are helicopter retrieval doesnt scale to bigger rockets ; is highly weather-dependent. Also, propulsive landing is needed for moon/Mars. That said, its probably right move for small LEO vehicle.
Vacuum nozzle engines are only used in (near) vacuum conditions. Sea level engines need to gimbal rapidly ; at high angle for landing. Larger nozzle leaves less room to move ; increases moment of inertia.
Nine rings for mortal men
The faster, the better. Gravity losses.
One learns something new every day : A Buttload is an actual measurement of volume - Equal to gallons.
Try connecting to WiFi
Wow
Hahaha
Yes. Hopefully, Im not tempting fate too much with that date. It was meant as a joke, but is about the right actual timing.
I mean of course
I did to any who asked
The Boring Company flamethrower guaranteed to liven up any party!
Speedrunning Factorio in real life
I mostly run alpha software in my car, which is not meant for public consumption. A few days before release, I switch my car to what public will experience.
Samwise Gamgee
Petting zoo left a chicken behind at the park. Now we have a pet chicken.
Explains the sad lack of progress in candy research!
Dragon floating in the Pacific near California. Reentry scorch marks visible on the heat shield
Yes, and it irony
SpaceX has Area at Cape Canaveral. Thats better than .
Happy Fathers Day!
Busted
Boring Co will also connect Vegas hotels ; airport. Autonomous Teslas in tunnels will provide individualized mass transit.
However, this obviously cannot be discussed with entire global stores team beforehand or news would leak
Compilers need to improve imo. Most type, pointer (or other memory) problems can be detected at compile time or disambiguated by asking the user.
He is great
Ok
Matter is extremely fluffy!
Some oddly inaccurate news stories of late ...
Because I am not an investor. Tesla is definitely not the only good company, but investing is not what I do. But I always put my own money into companies I help create, otherwise itd be wrong to ask others to do so.
Mostly L, some . Broke at to interface. SN9 will be all . Also, were making some tweaks to the alloy mixture.
Super Heavy Booster moving to orbital launch mount
Cold symptoms are gone for now
Cybertruck design influenced partly by The Spy Who Loved Me
Yup
Starlinks with lasers deployed to orbit
exactly
Surprisingly common
Don't like having a zillion tweets in the log. Makes it tough to wade through if someone wants to read my tweet history.
Yes
AC induction front ; switched reluctance, partial permanent magnet rear. Silicon Carbide inverters in both. Performance drive units are lot sorted for highest sigma output ; get double the burn-in.
Thats why Im pro Doge
Dont make me challenge you to a rap battle!!
Cool
Tues/Wed next week
Missed by a few hundred meters, but fairing landed intact in water. Should be able catch it with slightly bigger chutes to slow down descent.
Exactly. Super money move is anti-matter drive, especially if you solve capturing antiprotons in deep space.
Exactly
Lopez wrote that Melissa Lee of CNBC was dancing her face off with Chanos in Vegas. Is this true?
Will be answered on th
Weirdly, all the negative press seems to increase sales!
Huge expansion of Tesla Supercharger network underway. Will cover LA to NY by end of year
Yeah
It certainly does
Hypocritical megadouche!
People do not yet understand how valuable an autonomous vehicle will be
Whether you plan to buy a Dual Motor Performance Model or not, take it for a test drive anyway. Its like having pure fun jacked straight into your brain whenever you want.
Haha
Florida time
Those countries have strong justice systems, but I'd put them roughly on par with US. That rating system conflates many factors.
Apollo
Floki Santa
This is complete nonsense
Nickel is the biggest challenge for high-volume, long-range batteries! Australia ; Canada are doing pretty well. US nickel production is objectively very lame. Indonesia is great!
At least the crater is in the right place!
Without the removal fee, Tesla Solar is unequivocally a guaranteed, instant money printer, producing $300 to $1000 per year (in after tax income!)
Engine use methox torch igniters. Green tinge is either camera saturation or a tiny bit of copper from the chamber.
No, but maybe one day
feeling cute, might delete later
Lasers
Probably t-F by end of year
Be cause its true
Reasons to hate are remembered better than reasons to love
Interesting
Yeah, been thinking about it for a long time. Electric supersonic VTOL. Hard problem.
Highest reentry heating to date. Burning metal sparks from base heat shield visible in landing video. Fourth relight scheduled for April.
Yeah, pretty much. House could talk to car ; know when youre expected home, so temp ; humidity would be perfect just as you arrive. No wasted energy.
At end of quarter, there is always some error in product mix allocation between the roughly global regions, due to planning mistakes ; logistics problems (Earth is a big place). Small changes in prices are needed to correct local supply/demand imbalances.
Probably six months. Will include hundreds of refinements to handle rare corner cases in Autopilot.
Explanation from Tesla later today
It is! Looks like we can get sec Isp with this version of Raptor Vacuum, so over sec with some improvements down the road.
Nice drive
cute
Sure. Want to add easy import/export of images from your phone.
Aliens built the pyramids obv
Bad logic is always ugly
definitely
The future
SolarCity just hit a new daily energy record of GWh two weeks after reaching GWh
Vicious torque
Absolutely
Worth watching Revenge of the Electric Car. Covers rebirth of electric cars in general. Has footage before ; after we started production of our first car.
Good for them! About half the US will be mostly open by this weekend.
Great pic
Tax experts said they're not sure if claiming unrealized donations is legal, but admitted it's all very confusing, as the government is printing fake money and taxing nonexistent profits and nothing is real anymore.
Same
Ok, fine. Soldier . My dark secret is out ...
All cars made since November also have push center for horn just waiting on firmware update. If you mash right side of yoke with your palm, horn will trigger.
Pretty good summary, although national pride is underweighted relative to economics. Latter serves former, not other way around. The foundational issue imo, which this video doesnt ignore, is low birth rate. After all, what good is land with no people?
Starship is in a different league. Orders of magnitude more mass to orbit than Falcon. Necessary for creating a self-sustaining city on Mars.
Yes
Similar total size. Maybe slightly bigger to account for a really gamechanging (I think) feature Id like to add.
Glad to see that Tesla owners are having a good experience. Working to improve further. Some cool software updates coming soon.
Brought home by same person who placed it there almost a decade ago
Exactly. A car being electric ; upgradable to full self-driving maximizes future resale value.
T minus minutes ... Entering terminal count
Theres tough competition for that title, but we will give it our best shot!
Host meme review?
First approximation of CO2 is production cost, factoring in energy source, so Model obv less CO2 to produce than $35k gas car by a lot
We could never reach Isp with RP/kerosene. CH4 has higher Isp potential on paper, but even better in practice. With CH4, you can reach &gt;99% of max theoretical combustion efficiency, but RP is ~97% on a good day ; requires desooting of turbines between flights.
Have you tried a hydrophobic spray?
Stop projecting!
Prev ideas for paying ~$10B dev cost incl. Kickstarter ; collecting underpants, which turned out to be um... less lucrative than expected
Sorry
Sorry for difficulties delivering your Tesla due to high volume! Critical to show that environmentally sustainable is financially sustainable.
Tesla Model S ; X Plaid are so fun!
Theres a tough performance vs range tradeoff. Plaid has absurd performance, while holding range roughly constant.
Try Tesla Insurance. Should be ~20% less than avg. Currently only in California, but expanding soon. Critical feedback much appreciated.
Absolutely!
No, but maybe a light tartan. Plaid is reserved for the next gen Roadster.
Riding in the Cybertruck
Haha true! The top alternate name, if we couldnt acquire the Tesla Motors trademark, was Faraday, which a competitor ended up using.
Cost-plus contracting is the devil
It will be better than human vision by quite a margin
Exactly
Todays Falcon launch carries SpaceX test satellites for global broadband. If successful, Starlink constellation will serve least served.
True
Sure, will do
This is a major problem! Between civilization ending with a bang or a whimper, this trend suggests the latter.
No better friend, no worse enemy
Well done!
Thats a direct quote from Warren Buffett
Coming soon. Lots of unique road markings ; signs in each country.
Detanking ; inspections now. Good progress towards our Hop in ; go to Mars! goal.
Leasing negatively effects Tesla cash flow, so we prob wont offer Model leases for to months. Loan financing is a better deal anyway, as bank conservatism for new car models is v conservative about residual value, but Teslas have always had strong residual value.
Great thread
And starts tweeting
First production car ever to achieve to mph in less than seconds
That would be great
Its not my finest work
All good
Unfortunately, there is just no way to make a motorcycle safe. Motorcyclist deaths per mile are ~29 times higher than car occupants.
Very close
I am become meme, Destroyer of shorts
Baby Yoda
About a month
Frankly, this is the final straw. Tesla will now move its HQ and future programs to Texas/Nevada immediately. If we even retain Fremont manufacturing activity at all, it will be dependen on how Tesla is treated in the future. Tesla is the last carmaker left in CA.
Great letter! It will be increasingly difficult to see Starlink satellites, as were actively working with the astronomer community to ensure that even the most sensitive telescopes are fine ; scientific progress is not impeded.
Homo sapiens techno: Loves raves ; technology
Cool video!
Yeah, we need a few days to update the system. If anyone already paid $3k, they should get $1k back.
Global map of Tesla Superchargers, including those coming soon
all cars
Squirrels
In a few months in production release. Already does that in alpha build.
I am definitely not saying that we can for sure do this, but I am increasingly confident that it is possible
Definitely
Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival.
Model S product call at today. Rocket discussion at noon on Monday.
Landing on Ms. Tree
Ms. Chief ; Ms. Tree
It will be awesome
Ben ; Jerrys cookie dough is also next-level. Cant have that in the house. Its too good!
We had a long and interesting conversation on many subjects. He has exciting ideas for extending his creative talents beyond music.
Falcon Rising
Max performance numbers are for expendable launches. Subtract % to % for reusable booster payload.
Exactly. Then no need for clean energy subsidies, as externality is priced into mkt behavior
Cool picture of Io crossing Jupiter sent to me by . Would be amazing to visit in person one day.
Model orders at in hours. Selling price w avg option mix prob $42k, so ~$7.5B in a day. Future of electric cars looking bright!
Youre touching on a good critique of Falcon . Our st stage to nd stage propellant ratio is too high. Were fixing that with Starship.
Haha true
We need to be far enough away so as not to bother heavily populated areas. The launch ; landing are not subtle. But you could get within a few miles of the spaceport in a boat.
Massive thanks to Tesla owners ; supporters. We wouldnt be here without you.
Thats the basic idea
In theory, it saves landing leg mass ; enables immediate reflight of an otherwise unwieldy, giant rocket
Natrlich
In the US, you can ask your Tesla to play any Monty Python (or other comedy) skit. Doesn't work outside US yet.
Depot haha
Yeah. They stole Apples code too.
Yeah
Just between us, I have a teleportation stargate to the Andromeda galaxy. Its amazing.
Doesnt seem to be any life in this solar system. Maybe under the ice of Europa or extremophile bacteria below the surface of Mars. Worth reading:
Hodl the rainforests!!
Near
Great show
All Model s ever made can upgrade
Full credit to the team that's doing this. All happening without any help from me.
A beautiful and awe-inspiring view of Earth from the International Space Station
Haha sure
The cemetery of automotive startups over the past century is very large ; will get larger. Tesla ; Ford are the only American car companies that havent gone bankrupt.
Nice color
Both at the same time!
Yup
A Model S in The Boring Company tunnel being dug under Los Angeles (starting in Hawthorne)
Not everywhere, but should be possible around major metros. Parts supply chain to UK should be fixed. Lmk if not.
To be clear, integrated solar tiles only make financial sense for new houses or replacement roofs. If your roof is more than years away from replacement, solar retrofit is recommended
Model mid-range EPA rating is actually miles, slightly higher than prior estimate of
FSD beta is using the pure vision production code for highway driving. Beta hopefully (Beta definitely) will use one stack to rule them all city streets, highway ; complex parking lots.
That too
Several thousand more Starlink beta participation invitations going out this week
.. hqr sz wut.
Only external cameras are being used right now, so internal is not enabled. When it is enabled, well add a setting to disable internal camera.
Lot of ways to melt ; join steel. Mostly just needs to be welded consistently ; with precise parts.
Congratulations Tesla team on making our th car!!
Peak rate of about half that for version is about right, but heavily dependent on users per cell. Aiming for latency under ms.
Much appreciated
I dont get the little ship thing. You cant show up at Mars in something the size of a rowboat. What if there are Martians? It would be so embarrassing.
High payload/delta-V missions will always be far downrange. Value of boost stage is measured (essentially) by *horizontal* velocity imparted to upper stage. Altitude is almost unimportant.
Its smart *and* enhanced!
Responsible for more deaths than any other chemical! Weirdly, dihydrogen dixoxide, with only one extra oxygen, is not good to drink, but great for changing hair color.
Das war ein unbeabsichtigter Witz
True. Also, Ariane primary bay can deliver slightly heavier satellites than Falcon . Falcon Heavy is needed ...
True
Think of Beta as enabling a significantly higher local maximum than Beta
Late Jan, along with Linux kernel upgrade
Love this Tesla P100D drag racing video
Yeah, Starship will be a tiny dot at km. Hard to see with naked eye. Well do lots of flights.
Thanks Ryan. Critical feedback after you get the car would be much appreciated, no matter how nuanced.
What should I do with it?
Elevator music is underrated
Yes
Yes, but only slightly filled
a
Reports that I am a top donor to GOP are categorically false. I am not a top donor to any political party.
At the annual shareholder meeting! Probably late July / early August.
Life you can talk to is another matter, of course. Many, many orders of magnitude less likely.
That was a DM, right?
For practical purposes, there is no limit. It will just get increasingly difficult to service.
Exactly. DMV Comm overruled good recommendation of Hearing Officer.
I love these shots
Pretty much
This could be good
Glad you like it!
Haha true
Why many come to America
Got to regulate AI/robotics like we do food, drugs, aircraft ; cars. Public risks require public oversight. Getting rid of the FAA wdnt make flying safer. Theyre there for good reason.
Maybe not, but its % dot products
Which means a small corner of Texas (or anywhere) with solar panels could power the entire United States
Exactly. My guess is that the panic will cause more harm than the virus, if that hasnt happened already.
Just wrote a blog piece about Tesla stores
Launch postponed due to lightning from an approaching anvil cloud
I can't hide the truth any more
Contrary to press reports, I'm not against flying cars. Just said it was important to consider both pros and cons.
All known rocket anomalies resolved. Will spend another day rechecking to be sure. Launch attempt tmrw eve w Wed as backup.
Probably closer to four or five factories. Logistics costs mean you want to be close to the end customer.
Btw, this is not the very latest version. Will post an updated version with several late arriving corrections in a few hours.
Starlink service is now active in Ukraine. More terminals en route.
Exactly
Maybe we can buffer enough of it onboard. Will check.
Transparent aluminum is a real thing!
That is weird
Haha
Seriously, Big Candy is suppressing R! Whens the last time you heard of a great new candy bar?
Blazing Saddles
Where it should be!
We had the wrong settings! To make the welds super flat ; strong, were building a heavy duty, custom planisher, but just having the right settings is a major improvement.
Damn, I forgot bacon
This is a ~ ft demo tunnel. First operational, high-speed tunnel still set for Chicago, pending regulatory approvals.
Coming soon
Reddit is hardcore. Mostly correct analysis. Comments so dark
No
The th ; final Dragon mission is complete
Yes
No problem, we can buff it out
The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt, PUC, any commercial stakeholders and, most importantly, the people of PR.
Starship launch structure is being built off-site in steel subsections
Probably
Most people have no idea how fast sustainable energy is growing!
Done. Im feeling ; Im feeling navigation buttons coming with next software release.
So underappreciated
All of reality can be simulated with ones ; zeroes
Death Note, Evangelion, Ghost in the Shell, Spirited Away, Princess Mononoke, Full Metal Alchemist, Your Name
Hexagonal tiles on most of windward side, no shield needed on leeward side, transpiration cooling on hotspots
Yes
The sun is an immense thermonuclear explosion fyi
